1 positivo A romantic zen baseball comedy gets 4 BIG stars from me!
2 positivo Really Enjoyed it ! Really Enjoyed it ! A great find, the scenery/locations were beautiful and the story held up the whole way. A great date movie. You won't be sorry.
3 positivo A lovely story A lovely story I was surprised, and so touched, by this movie. What a delightful find! A friend recommended it, and they weren't wrong at all. The story is lovely, with a lot of heart. The story gave me hope, and inspiration, and a desire to have my own magic happen by the sea!! Really, a must watch, good to cuddle up with a loved one.
4 negativo Another Abysmal Digital Copy has random pixelations combined with muddy light and vague image resolution
5 neutral A twist (in the wind) ending A twist (in the wind) ending 
6 positivo My 2 y/o grandson loves it!! My 2 y/o grandson loves it!! 
7 negativo should be titled "Hollywood Debacle" titled "Hollywood Debacle" The plot is so ridiculous Get real! Utterly, completely stupid.
8 positivo Addictive, Posh Fun Addictive, witty, clever, and utterly addictive You'll enjoy watching and re-watching for time to come.
9 positivo "Guilty Pleasure?"...Nope, Just Good TV Just Good TV. is a pleasant surprise.
10 positivo Hotel Babyon - 5 Stars 5 Stars. Of course, there's also a good dose of sex, glamor and money, all of which make the series a pleasure to watch!
11 neutral Here is a little secret. After you watch a few episodes, it will be fairly clear to you who the two central characters are.
12 positivo Awesomely Fun!!! Awesomely Fun!!! 
13 positivo hotel Babylon I loved it. 
14 positivo Great British Show ... Bad Sound Great British Show 
15 positivo Best people-handling skills ever Best people-handling skills ever 
16 positivo Hotel Babylon Season ! Great character development. A must see. The great British humour shines through. I had to order the next series right away!
17 positivo Fun Series Fun Series. I say give it a try!
18 positivo Good trashy fun...most of the time Good trashy fun. I've enjoyed it a very great deal. 
19 positivo Is this great TV??? You bet it is it's great TV!!!!
20 positivo Hotel Babylon you must own it like I did!!!:-)
21 positivo The best show you're NOT watching! Smart, Funny, and it doesn't take itself too seriously.
22 positivo Love this show ! Love this show !  its slick , glossy , glamorous , funny , serious , suggestive !
23 positivo Love it, love it, love it some more Love it, love it, love it some more 
24 positivo Clever, funny, addictive Clever, funny, addictive Great series with a great mix of comedy, drama, and romance. The characters have a great chemistry and the supporting cast just adds another additional reason to watch.
25 negativo Grand Hotel it ain't all the characters are monochromatic and shameless stereotypes: unctuous Italian, gay black, trampy receptionist .At least I didn't suffer the humiliation of paying for it.
26 neutral Blazing Brightly--God at the Center  Joy in God--necessary? Or simply optional??? 
27 positivo Spreading a Passion for God I've watched these videos multiple times and glean something from it every time.
28 positivo After 18 years I finally meet John Piper! I am so grateful for the Blazing Center DVD and the exceptional price. I enjoyed immensely seeing the dynamic presentation by an author I have read for all these years. I would love to see this DVD given to many of our grandchildren.
29 positivo Outstanding Outstanding This is a wonderful DVD for teens and adults alike.
30 positivo Great Study! Great Study!
31 negativo Bad Deal!! Bad Deal!! 
32 negativo Creepy Creepy
33 negativo audio options non existent audio options non existent. Very disapointed in this offering from Tokyo Shock.
34 positivo Have yet to watch it yet. She seemed to Enjoy it overall.
35 positivo Must see. Must see.
36 negativo disappointing... disappointing... 
37 negativo Very problematic depiction Very problematic depiction 
38 positivo St. Francis Excellent movie. Top quality screenplay, impressive actors. Highly recommended to see.
39 positivo Divinely Wonderful Divinely Wonderful
40 negativo As Bad a Production as Possible As Bad a Production as Possible
41 positivo Hands down the best SCHOOL... I've found Hands down the best SCHOOL... What a pleasure to share a high pleasure like this with them.
42 negativo Witty and worthy production Witty and worthy production.
43 neutral Interesting adaptation Interesting adaptation 
44 negativo Not professional quality Not professional quality 
45 neutral three to four stars - depending... three to four stars - depending... Must see for theatre students.
46 positivo The best workout video ever. The best workout video ever.  enjoyable workout.
47 positivo The best video workout I've ever exercised with! The best video workout I've ever exercised with!  Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
48 positivo Cory Everson's Total Body Workout Cory Everson's Total Body Workout. Cory's videos are really good. She's very positive. If you'll try this one you may like it, it's great for starters. Keep Moviated! Good luck!
49 positivo Toned Toned. It's my all time favorite.
50 negativo Think twice about purchasing this video prior to viewing Think twice about purchasing this video prior to viewing 
51 positivo perfect perfect. Good workout and fun. I'd recommend it even if it is a VHS.
52 neutral Honest Straight Forward Advice Honest Straight Forward Advice
53 positivo A MUST HAVE!!!! A MUST HAVE!!!! Great Role Model, Great books, Great DVD's....5 STARS!!!
54 positivo A blueprint for all new and current agents!! A blueprint for all new and current agents!! I'm on to his next video!!
55 positivo Straight to the point! Straight to the point! Clear, concise and most importantly low to no cost ideas for beginning agents.
56 positivo Get on the right track to success Get on the right track to success Another fantastic video in his new DVD series - well recommended, if you haven't yet read it!
57 positivo Ready, Set, Go! Ready, Set, Go! 
58 positivo Grandson enjoyed maybe 20 times! Grandson enjoyed maybe 20 times! Fine.
59 positivo excellent video for boys excellent video for boys 
60 neutral not interesting enough for little ones not interesting enough for little ones I wish I had read the other reviews before buying this particular video.
61 positivo good movie good movie 
62 neutral It's just OK, not great It's just OK, not great 
63 positivo Thomas & Friends: 10 years of Thomas & Friends Great DVD.
64 positivo Great Movie! Great Movie! 
65 positivo Son enjoys Thomas and Friends My son enjoys watching Thomas and Friends.
66 positivo Kids loved it! Kids loved it! They watch the video everyday!
67 positivo Great Gift, Great Price Great Gift, Great Price. The product shipped on time & the quality was great too.
68 positivo They'd watch it nonstop if I'd let them They'd watch it nonstop
69 negativo Very annoying! Very annoying! This video is really a disappointment. I was totally annoyed.
70 neutral 10 Years of Thomas is FINALLY going on DVD! 10 Years of Thomas is FINALLY going on DVD!
71 negativo WARNING: may cause excessive nagging WARNING: may cause excessive nagging 
72 negativo Extremely Disappointed with this video Extremely Disappointed with this video
73 negativo Not as expected... Not as expected.
74 positivo Great Lessons! Great Lessons! Our two-year old grandson loved this
75 positivo Thomas and friends My 3 yr old grandson loves Thomas and all his friends.
76 positivo great great 
77 positivo Great for kids. Great for kids.
78 positivo Not exactly as the pictures Not exactly as the pictures. My kids love it!
79 positivo So cute So cute. he just loves it!
80 positivo A Grandsons love of Thomas A Grandsons love of Thomas
81 neutral All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike. All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike.
82 negativo Just so-so Just so-so. This production has the feel of an old VHS video copied to DVD without much added to it. I wouldn't throw it out but I wouldn't buy it either.
83 negativo More than Thomas, Not Geared Toward Children As Much I bought this thinking it would be packed with Thomas stories. I'm not interested in this, and I know that my 3 year old would rather watch Thomas than a bunch of strangers any day. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, if you are looking for solely Thomas stories and can find other collections.
84 negativo A long promo for the Thomas center(s) A long promo. Unless I missed something, there are only one or two actual episodes on this DVD. The rest is a long commercial. Waste of money.
85 negativo Poor DVD Poor DVD. My kids were annoyed and hated this DVD.
86 positivo Great Video for kids Great Video for kids. Great fun for the kids (which is nice for mom & dad too)
87 positivo Thomas dvd I love this dvd.
88 positivo Great for the Kids Great for the Kids. This is a great dvd and well worth the price
89 neutral Nice compilation, but DVD could be better Nice compilation, but DVD could be better
90 positivo 10 GREAT STORIES ON DVD + SING-A-LONG & A FEW SPECIAL FEATURES = 5 STAR ENTERTAINMENT 10 GREAT STORIES ON DVD + SING-A-LONG & A FEW SPECIAL FEATURES = 5 STAR ENTERTAINMENT
91 negativo Not just Thomas stories That is, pretty much every episode finds the engines "cross" -- I'm starting to get real sick of that word!
92 positivo Nice mix of Thomas episodes and real footage. Nice mix of Thomas episodes and real footage. but the rest is really good.
93 positivo If you only buy one Thomas DVD, make this one it! If you only buy one Thomas DVD, make this one it! 
94 positivo Nice Thomas Sampler Nice Thomas Sampler. Highly recommended here.
95 negativo My Son finds it annoying My Son finds it annoying. he (and I) just ends up frustrated. My advice - pick another DVD.
96 negativo Feels like a commercial... Feels like a commercial. *sigh*
97 positivo Love it! Love it! My son loves this video!!! he enjoys the stories, but really loves the scenes 
98 positivo Enjoyable video for the kids Enjoyable video for the kids Good video for the kids. 
99 positivo Good movie Good movie.
100 positivo Inventive, Nashville-type film The fantasy scenes featuring her are more attractive than you would expect.
101 positivo Fantastic Movie Fantastic Movie. I loved the music, the actors and the story the scenery and the chemistry between the two leading actors. SRK is lovable and his acting is always superb whatever role he plays.
102 positivo Marriage has its good and bad moments I recommend it to everyone.
103 neutral Cute storyline in the beginning Cute storyline in the beginning After the first half it's not as magical, though still full of undying love as most SRK movies are .
104 positivo Awesome Love Story!!! Awesome Love Story!!! What an amazing & beautiful story of a couple so much in love
105 positivo Great Actors - Well done film! Great Actors - Well done film!
106 neutral The story is overly realistic, and typical, but still a treat to watch for visual sakes Even all the song videos in this film are all truly appreciated, and the added humor isn't so annoying. Check it out!
107 positivo Amazing... Amazing... love it...
108 positivo My two cents..... My two cents. Well done.
109 neutral Great movie, not so great DVD Great movie, not so great DVD. It's definitely pixilated in parts, not the best quality picture. Still watchable, and I wouldn't return it, but wish the picture was a bit better.
110 positivo an extreme emotional ride an extreme emotional ride
111 negativo If this is going to be your first Bollywood movie...pick another! pick another! - pick a different film.
112 neutral Mixed feelings Mixed feelings. Not a favorite.
113 negativo Not my favorite Not my favorite. but I'll probably never watch this one again.
114 positivo 5 stars for the music alone! I really enjoyed this movie. EVERYTHING is so wonderful and will have you humming for days. you'll love this one!
115 negativo No one would want a husband like this please don't waste your time.
116 positivo Khaned again? I give it a 5 anyway.
117 positivo Chalte Chalte I absolutely love this movie. I wish they did more movies together.
118 positivo Must See Must See 
119 positivo It's long, it's beautiful, it's a Shah Rukh Khan feast! This is another epic love creation with this beautiful, talented "OMG" sexy man. He can tear at your heart with just one look. He is so incredibly talented.
120 positivo I'm in love!!!! I'm in love!!!! A very good actress too. I'am looking forward in collecting more movies from India.
121 positivo Comedy Rules! Comedy Rules! He loved it 
122 negativo Not Quite So Funny Not Quite So Funny. Not bad enough to ruin the movie as a whole, but it sure came close.
123 positivo MUCH SMARTER THAN THE TITLE LEADS YOU TO BELIEVE! MUCH SMARTER THAN THE TITLE LEADS YOU TO BELIEVE! I enjoyed 'Funny People'.
124 neutral Funny Yet Serious People Funny Yet Serious People First of all. All in all, it's still a hilarious movie and worth a see when and if you have almost three hours to spare.
125 negativo 12 Y/O Potty Humor From 40 somethings does not a comedy make.... 12 Y/O Potty Humor From 40 somethings does not a comedy make. Saw this movie and felt compelled to warn people not to waste 144 agonizing minutes of their lives. In a nutshell,
126 negativo Soooooooooooo NOT Funny Soooooooooooo NOT Funny This movie was not only NOT funny, but it was excruciatingly boring.
127 positivo I loved it I loved it. I really liked this movie.
128 negativo Totally Unfunny Totally Unfunny. The jokes were terrible, the script was terrible. Very disappointing.
129 negativo Nasty People! Nasty Film! Nasty People! Nasty Film! 
130 negativo zero star zero star. those guys ARE OVERATED!! ARE THEY REALLY FUNNY? NOPE.
131 negativo Dramedy Dramedy. This movie was perhaps Adam Sandler's worst effort. You're not missing a thing.
132 negativo The Not so Funny People The Not so Funny People. I love Leslie Mann and Eric Bana, but this is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen!.Some may like, but it's NOT my cup of tea!
133 negativo UNFUNNY PEOPLE UNFUNNY PEOPLE. You'll want those minutes from your life back.
134 negativo What happend Sandler?  Dont let it trick you, only see this if its free.
135 negativo Excruciating! Excruciating! There are much better ways to spend 2 and a half hours of your life than watching this disappointing piece of garbage!
136 negativo Please take the money and send it to Africa instead. Please take the money and send it to Africa instead. Instead of wasting a dime on this failure, send the money to someone who can use it. This is the first movie in 25 years I threw in the trash. I didn't even want to give it away for fear the person I gave it to would never talk to me again for punishing them. Bottom line, buy something else. Of the great comedians in this film, none were remotely funny or entertaining. It is almost as if they were bored while filming it.
137 negativo I wish Adam Sandler wasn't in this. Very Disappointing.
138 negativo Saga of a Depressed, Lonely Comedian Lacks Punch Saga of a Depressed, Lonely Comedian Lacks Punch
139 neutral Its Not What Youre Expecting Its Not What Youre Expecting. Don't skip it due to bad reviews and dont watch it thinking you're going to see an Oscar pic.
140 positivo serious comedy serious comedy F
141 negativo Long, somewhat dull and unfocused Long, somewhat dull and unfocused. Some people might like the story, but it was pretty dull to me.
142 positivo This movie is great This movie is great
143 neutral Not an Adam Sandler fan but... It had its moments in the beginning but started to lose steam halfway through the movie.
144 positivo Sandler's best movie Sandler's best movie This is a hilarious movie with a great message. This is definitely Adam Sandler's best movie ever. This is a must see! Great actors funny and touching with a great message.
145 positivo Movie tells a great story Movie tells a great story.
146 positivo Great Movie, Great Cast! Great Movie, Great Cast! This was an excellent movie. The right balance of funny and feeling. And SO many cameos.
147 positivo Far better than it's reputation, and well worth a look Far better than it's reputation, and well worth. a look Intelligent, funny, sad, real, with a terrific dramatic performance
148 positivo Apatow's Depth Triumphs Apatow's Depth Triumphs. Great director, great cast, and a hell of an perspective on alternative comedy. Lastly, buy the collector's edition. The bonus features are endless! 
149 positivo The Marketing was Wrong, but the Film is so RIGHT The Marketing was Wrong, but the Film is so RIGHT. Anyways, great movie.
150 neutral Flawed and Meandering Yet Still a Worthwhile Look Inside a Stand-Up Comic's Mind Flawed and Meandering Yet Still a Worthwhile Look Inside a Stand-Up Comic's Mind.
151 neutral Flawed, but still a misunderstood and underappreciated film. Flawed, but still a misunderstood and underappreciated film. 
152 positivo Apatow's most mature effort...  I'll continue to watch his movies.
153 negativo WHICH JOKE DID YOU FIND FUNNY? WHICH JOKE DID YOU FIND FUNNY?. If you think a guy saying "tweet" over and over again, spinning around in a circle is funny, then this movie is for you.
154 positivo Underrated Underrated. Just put yourself in that mindset, and you'll really enjoy this movie.
155 positivo Decent movie Decent movie I'm surprised at how much I liked this movie.
156 neutral There's a Good Movie in There Somewhere There's a Good Movie in There Somewhere. I feel this film is very misunderstood.
157 positivo Far better than its reputation, and well worth a look Far better than its reputation, and well worth a look. Intelligent, funny, sad, real, with a terrific dramatic performance.
158 neutral "Funny People" has a poignant strong beginning and then turns into something completely different in the second act "Funny People" has a poignant strong beginning and then turns into something completely different in the second act.
159 positivo Authentic Suprisingly good movie.
160 negativo Starts out with promise, but then goes downhill. Starts out with promise, but then goes downhill.
161 negativo Not so Funny people! I almost bought this, I'm so glad I only rented it.
162 neutral Har Har ........not funny By the end, it felt like i just finished a TV movie without the commercials....So for what it is, its good, but not a keeper.
163 positivo Good, good movie Good, good movie. This is a very impressive movi. Nicely done, well worth it.
164 positivo Apatow's Third Movie Proves To Be Polarizing This release is loaded with special features. An unrated, extended cut of the movie is included along with the theatrical release. While full of humorous moments, it lacks some of the over-the-top hilarious moments that Apatow fans may have come to expect from his movies. However, this movie is extremely honest, and that is becoming more and more of a rare commodity.
165 negativo Some decent moments, but Apatow's pony needs a new trick Some decent moments, but Apatow's pony needs a new trick. Some funny moments make it worth watching, but in general it's too long and too scattershot. In short: worth seeing if you love these actors, otherwise, plenty of other films are worthier of your time.
166 positivo what's not funny can kill you! One of the best surprises.
167 positivo Funny People This is a great movie, flaws and all. Or should I say most importantly, I found it entertaining.
168 positivo Funny People Isn't Very Funny...But It's Still a Good Movie. But It's Still a Good Movie. It's not something I'd enjoy watching repeatedly, or pull out again on a sick day to watch, but it is worth renting and watching once.
169 neutral Interesting but... Interesting but... 
170 neutral Obviously, not Adam Sandler's best An acceptable movie, with some good moments by Adam Sandler
171 neutral Average Comedy Average Comedy. This movie is definately funny but it's also nothing special.Yes, this one is worth renting, but die hard Adam Sandler fans might be a little dissapointed.
172 negativo Not what I expected... Not what I expected.
173 negativo I've Never Hated an Adam Sandler Movie Until Now I've Never Hated an Adam Sandler Movie Until Now
174 negativo Couldn't give it less than one star....or i would've!!!! Couldn't give it less than one star. this movie was looooong and booooring!!!
175 negativo Absolutely NOTHING Funny ! This is one of the worst movies I have seen. The dialogue is awful. What a loser movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!
176 negativo Worst movie I've ever seen Worst movie I've ever seen This movie was HORRIBLE!
177 neutral Not Sandlers best. Not Sandlers best. I just found it all lacking.
178 negativo worst film ever worst film ever. skip it!!!!!!!!!!!
179 negativo The L O N G E S T movie... EVER! The L O N G E S T movie... EVER!  In my opinion at least, that this movie even made it to the big screen and didn't go straight to DVD.
180 negativo profanity the movie!!! or profanity and the degenerates.!!! profanity the movie!!! or profanity and the degenerates.!!! if you have very little or no intelligents or are a degenerate and trailer trash this movie will appeal to you.
181 negativo Seth Kept this movie from getting a 'ZERO' star rating!! Kept this movie from getting a 'ZERO' star rating!! A truly great example - of how terrible some movies have become!! Vulgar!! Offensive. Unnessisary nudity!!
182 negativo Stupid.... Stupid.... Wouldn't recommend!
183 neutral not for everyone, and that's a fact not for everyone, and that's a fact
184 negativo Painful Painful.
185 neutral Apatow's Weakest Film Is Also His Most Mature Effort Weakest Film Is Also His Most Mature Effort. However, mature or not, this is Judd Apatow's weakest film and will have the shortest shelf-life of the films he has made thus far.GRADE: C+
186 negativo Painful Painful 
187 positivo A truly deep, extremely moving and wonderful movie A truly deep, extremely moving and wonderful movie
188 positivo Funny People Funny Movie Very funny movie. very memorable comedy.
189 positivo Great for What It Is Great for What It Is. it kept me engaged throughout.
190 positivo Funny People... Smart Movie Smart Movie Funny People: 8 out of 10. I found myself enjoying the laid back pace at 153 minutes there is no question this feels more like a directors cut than a tightly paced theatrical release.
191 negativo Sandler's worst! Don't waste your time and money on this.
192 negativo Not good Not good
193 neutral Worth watching atleast once Worth watching at least once 
194 positivo Half funny, half offensive Half funny, half offensive.
195 positivo Unexpected, in a good way! Unexpected, in a good way!
196 neutral Funny People If you must see it, rent it.
197 positivo Brilliant movie, and much more complex material for Apatow Brilliant movie, and much more complex material. I enjoyed it from front to back.
198 positivo Funny, Heartwarming and Mature Third Outing for Apatow Funny, Heartwarming and Mature. Come for the X-rated laughs and stay for the sophisticated, thoughtful drama.
199 positivo Much better than I expected Much better than I expected. That was a great scene.
200 negativo waste of time waste of time. It took half hour when I stopped watching.
201 negativo Depressing then becomes boring Depressing then becomes boring. this will be a waste of your time
202 negativo Please just run far FAR away from this film. Please just run far FAR away from this film. I wish someone had warned me.
203 negativo Flash in the pan Flash in the pan.
204 negativo THE WORST MOVIE EVER MADE!!! THE WORST MOVIE EVER MADE!!!
205 negativo Moron DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HIM.
206 negativo NOT FUNNY! Crude, demeaning and a waste of my time!
207 positivo A TRAVESTY the negative reviews this film gets this one shall become more and more appreciated in the years/decades to come as well.
208 positivo I loved this movie. I loved this movie.
209 neutral WHICH JOKE DID YOU FIND FUNNY? If you think a guy saying "tweet" over and over again, spinning around in a circle is funny, then this movie is for you.
210 positivo Funny Movie This is the perfect movie
211 positivo I liked it I liked it.
212 positivo great movie, movie is longer than 2hours great movie
213 negativo Apatow's weakest work to date weakest work to date. Skip this.
214 negativo Twice as long, half as funny, and much the same Twice as long, half as funny, and much the same.
215 negativo Awkward People is just too moody/messy to recommend.
216 negativo Half comedy. Half drama. A complete mess. A complete mess.
217 neutral Not entirely a comedy Not entirely a comedy I am big fan of Judd Apatow's work. with that being said, i can see why some people rated this poorly if thats what they thought they were going to see going in.
218 positivo Highly underrated Highly underrated. Great Film.
219 negativo Winning Cast, movie fell short it wasn't worth the money to see this film in a theatre.
220 negativo ACTUALLY NO STARS for rating pf Funny People movie ACTUALLY NO STARS. Its AWFUL.
221 negativo Not Funny People Not worth the time.
222 negativo Great condition, movie horrible movie horrible. Don't waste your money unless you are desperate to get some ZZZZZ's
223 positivo A WONDERFUL Underated Movie A WONDERFUL Underated Movie 
224 positivo Very inspirational Very inspirational
225 positivo I can't wait... I can't wait...
226 positivo Hilarious Hilarious. Absolutely love this show!
227 positivo One of the Greatest shows ever One of the Greatest shows ever. I love this show. Can't recommend it enough
228 negativo Worst English dub of a great TV series This sucked!The WORST English dub EVER!. True fans of the manga and series should NOT buy this lame production by Funimaiton.
229 positivo Kids love it Kids love it 
230 positivo Great for kids! Great for kids! 
231 positivo Possibly the funniest movie ever made. Possibly the funniest movie ever made.
232 positivo The funniest and craziest movie out there! The funniest and craziest movie out there! The BEST in the Killer Tomatoes quartet of movies, a classic comedy spoof. it is an instant classic.
233 positivo Kept me Laughing, and Jumping at the TV for Starke!! Kept me Laughing. I LOVED this movie! 
234 positivo How about some Crest? Commercialism was never funnier! AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM!. Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me.
235 positivo zmacman Just plain fun to watch. A must have for us old 'B' movie aficionados.
236 positivo The Second of the Tomato Attack Series  And you hear people gigling and the movie ends.
237 positivo The best tomato flick The best flick. This is IMHO the best of the 4 
238 positivo Return Of The Killer Tomatoes I Was Very Satisfied With My Purchase. I Am Glad We Were Able To Find An Older Movie We Were Looking For
239 neutral Not as funny as I thought it would be Not as funny as I thought it would be
240 positivo Finnaly on DVD! Highly recomended!
241 positivo If there aren't enough 5 stars for you, here's another one! If there aren't enough 5 stars for you, here's another one! This movie is hilarious and it really is a classic. Watch it
242 positivo Best one in Tomato Trilogy Best one. This is the best movie.
243 positivo They're back, and this time IT"S EVEN WEIRDER! The best of it's kind
244 positivo Pretty Fricken Sweet It's well worth the money - you won't be disappointed.
245 positivo FT, FT, FT! THIS is a B-MOVIE to beat all B-movies.
246 positivo for the 80's cheezy horror film fans he loved it! It's a great package
247 positivo How about some Crest? Commercialism was never funnier! AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM! Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me.
248 positivo George Clooney wants you to forget this movie... fantastic movie!
249 positivo Better than I expected Better than I expected
250 positivo Horror, Comedy, Action, Romance, this movie has it all! this movie has it all! This movie is great!
251 positivo Better than the first in every way! well worth the few dollars it costs.
252 positivo Funny funny funny! Funny funny funny! A great, silly film.
253 positivo Hilarious!! Anthony Starke is great! Hilarious!!  Great party movie. For a "B' movie, this beats a few recent "A" movies I've seen
254 positivo FT rules this movie is GREAT !!
255 positivo 100 times better than the first 100 times better than the first. an excellent come back!!!
256 negativo Too Stupid Too Stupid. Don't waste your money.
257 negativo Stupid Stupid. I want my money back.
258 positivo NEED A LAUGH!!!!! A GOOD FLICK AFTER A TOUGH DAY AT THE OFFICE.
259 neutral JUST CUZ IT'S A CARTOON My copy has PG-13 PARENTS STRONGLY CAUTIONED clearly stated on the back.
260 positivo this is the best this is the best
261 positivo Great! Great!
262 positivo yall critics are [not very smart] this is the best movie ever made and also the funniest comedy ever.
263 positivo Best Animated Chanukah Movie thats rated PG-13 Best Animated Movie
264 positivo awesome! awesome! AMAZING, STUPENDOUS, HILARIOUS, FANTASTIC, BRILLIANT, WONDERFULLY ILLUSTRATED PIECE OF GENIUS. I love this movie. I highly recommend it.
265 positivo great great
266 positivo Great Job Great Job
267 negativo Two Tedious Hours Two Tedious Hours
268 positivo  A romantic zen baseball comedy When you hear folks say that they don't make 'em like that anymore, they might be talking about "BY THE SEA". This is a very cool story about a young Cuban girl searching for idenity who stumbles into a coastal resort kitchen gig with a zen motorcycle maintenance man, three hysterical Italian chefs and a Latino fireballing right handed pitcher who plays on the team sponsored by the resort's owner. As is often the case she 'finds' herself through honest, often comical but always emotional, interaction with this sizzling roster of players. With the perfect mix of special effects, that salsa sound and flashbacks, BY THE SEA, gets 4 BIG stars from me!
269 positivo  Really Enjoyed it ! A great find, heard of this movie from a friend, and glad I did. A really well done romantic comedy with a magical twist. The acting is terrific (I regognized the girl from the Sopranos), the scenery/locations were beautiful and the story held up the whole way. A great date movie. You won't be sorry.
270 positivo  A lovely story I was surprised, and so touched, by this movie. What a delightful find! A friend recommended it, and they weren't wrong at all. The story is lovely, with a lot of heart. The actress who plays Elena is beautiful. And the locations! Wow. I want to visit there, wherever this is. The story gave me hope, and inspiration, and a desire to have my own magic happen by the sea!! Really, a must watch, good to cuddle up with a loved one.
271 positivo  Another Abysmal Digital Copy Rather than scratches and insect droppings, this one has random pixelations combined with muddy light and vague image resolution. Probably the cue should have been the packaging is straight out of your street corner bootleg dealer.If you've ever seen a reasonably good condition film copy, you know the defining visuals of his film are the crystal clear lighting contrasts in black and white. The surrounding countryside and 'old home' scenes are set with early morning ground mists or the haze of memory while the events on the bridge and in the water are bright, clear, and immediate.Here everything is dull, dark, and clouded. Or, if you remember the timbre and enunciation of Captain's commands, so are the visuals.After that, it is hard to believe this award winning, critically acclaimed film's best presentation is on YOUTUBE. Somewhere "out there" is a DVD that comes up to the standard of a 16mm public library reel.Just none of them appear to be on Amazon.
272 neutral  A twist (in the wind) ending Besides his famousDEVIL'S DICTIONARY, San Francisco newpaperman Ambrose Gwinnett Bierce (1842-1914) wrote many supernatural and Civil War short stories. AN OCCURENCE AT OWL CREEK BRIDGE is best-known of the latter. This French-made short film (28 mins.) of that tale was required viewing in high schools back in the 1960s.The story opens with Confederate sympathizer Peyton Farquhar being executed by hanging from the titled river span. He's pushed, falls, the rope snaps and Peyton lands in the water, unharmed. He manages to free his hands, untie his bound feet and safely escape from a barrage of rifle fire.For a day and night Farquhar flees through an endless forest in the general direction of home-- some 30 miles distant. All through this taxing journey he thinks about wife and kids. Peyton begins to imagine strange sights and noises, and is convinced that he dozes even while walking. After coming to full consciousness near his home, Farquhar runs (in stunning slow motion) with arms outstretched toward his wife. He suddenly feels a blinding pain in the back of his neck...The literary device central to "Owl Creek Bridge" has been reused in many films.JACOB'S LADDER(1990) andCARNIVAL OF SOULS(1962) are just two of these.Licensee of this indie transfer, VIDEO YESTERYEAR (along with RADIO YESTERYEAR) is a specialty company located in Sandy Hook, CT. Since the 1970s this outfit has been a provider of vintage radio and TV shows, also obscure or historically significant films.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 viewer poll rating found at a film resource website.(8.3) An Occurence at Owl Creek Bridge (France-1962) - Roger Jacquet/Anne Cornaly/Anker Larsen/Stéphane Fey/Jean-Franois Zeller/Pierre Danny/Louis Adelin
273 positivo  My 2 y/o grandson loves it!! This movie with all of its animals really keeps my grandson occupied when I'm babysitting. He loves watching it over and over again. I can get so much accomplished before he gets bored with it. So, it is worth the money! As a matter of fact, I'm buying one for his house, his 3 y/o cousins' and my house. We're saying goodbye to Netflix! Way to go Amazon!!Gammy
274 negativo  should be titled "Hollywood Debacle" The plot is so ridiculous, I have to wonder if they even read the script before making this film. The mountain lion breaks out of his trailer - and the cars behind don't notice? The mountain lion is captured - and put in a jail cell? Get real! Utterly, completely stupid.
275 positivo  Addictive, Posh Fun Hotel Babylon is a witty, clever, and utterly addictive 2006 British television series launched in the States via BBC America in 2007. The formula is fool proof: assemble a hotel staff of strongly drawn characters, each with a secret past; add dashes of sexual tension, avarice, silliness and whimsy; then, in each episode fold in a parade of hotel guests, everyone arriving with their own baggage of deceit, pathos, and lunacy. The result is a comedy that has dark dramatic undertones, and a drama that breaks into giggles when the tension reaches a breaking point.The promotional trailers aired on BBCA did not do this justice. Those soundbites made it seem as though the series was a debauched soap opera designed to attract a viewership of self- pleasuring adolescent boys. What a delightful surprise to find such a well-written, well acted series. Serious subjects such as immigration raids and drug trafficking crimelords shift stage with rock stars who refuse to party and sophomoric revenge raids on rival hotels.The action centers around Charlie (Max Beesley), the deputy general manager with a murky past, as he adjusts to his new status in one of London's swankiest hotels. The rest of the staff (many it seems have either shagged him or want to) make his job a challenge, but ultimately pull together to solve the myriad of crises brought on them daily by the guests, who are all played by major stars themselves. (Anthony Stewart Head as the suicidal jingle writer will have you falling off your sofa choking with laughter; Joan Collins as the aging noblewoman will leave you wistful). As the series progresses, the viewer comes to feel sisterly sympathy for the sluttishly obsequious receptionist Anna (Emma Pierson), and certain conspiracy with the barmaster Gino (Martin Marquez). For me? My secret crush has always been Tony the Concierge (Dexter Fletcher), as he knows all, sees, all, can solve all, and is the most centered and upright of them all.You won't regret purchasing this DVD. Each episode is a little treat unto itself (e.g. Episode Six, a homage to Hitchcock, must have been a hoot to film; it's a treasure to watch). You'll enjoy watching and re-watching for time to come.
276 positivo  "Guilty Pleasure?"...Nope, Just Good TV HOTEL BABYLON has to be one of the most incorrectly-advertised TV shows I've seen. When airing on BBC America this past summer, it appeared to be some glamourized soap opera with sexy women. BBC American salaciously promoted it on "Wicked Wednesdays". These commercials didn't even hint that HOTEL BABYLON was actually a breezy, fast-paced, funny, and surprisingly truthful look at a 5-star London hotel's happenings.Each of the 8 episodes begins and ends with narration by Charlie (Max Beesley), the Deputy Manager of the hotel. Think Augustus Hill from OZ, or the opening quotes from THE WIRE. Charlie's philosophical monologues on the hotel business cleverly bookend each episode. Other characters include:Rebecca (Tamzin Outwaithe) - the workaholic hotel managerTony (Dexter Fletcher from LOCK, STOCK, & TWO SMOKING BARRELS) - a loyal concierge who's mostly the moral center of the showAnna (Emma Pearson) - the superficial receptionist you can't help but put up withThere are other hotel faces that you'll learn along the way, and each is given an appropriate amount of screentime. Cameos don't steal the show, and reoccuring characters are well-balanced throughout the season.What separates HOTEL BABYLON from other tongue-in-cheek comedy-dramas is that although the stories in this show are exaggerated, they all carry a dose of reality. Should there be strange noises and electrical failures during the midnight shift? Probably not, but any hotel employee knows that midnight shifts are as weird as they get. Would rebellious staff members assemble a mock wedding at a guest's request? Highly unlikely, but I've been asked by a guest for stranger favors. Would hotel staff and guests have fraternize, flirt, and have private get-togethers? Well...yeah, I've seen that happen.HOTEL BABYLON treads a very delicate between a variety of genres. There are gut-wrenching laughs and moments that elicit small smirks. The drama can be very serious, but it's never cyncial or mean-spirited. The show is sexy, but not pornographic. The music is sometimes classy, and sometimes deliberately pop.What keeps HOTEL BABYLON captivating, however, is its truthfulness to the world it creates. The acting is very strong, the photography is incredibly stylish (Guy Ritchie - take notes!), the characters are portrayed more with conviction than mockery, the production is top-notch, and the adventures (even the crazy ones) are so well-paced and structured that you just can't help but go along for the ride.People who've worked in a hotel will appreciate the outlandish circumstances this staff can be put in, and how ridiculously dedicated and knowledgable the staff are required to be. And if you've never worked in a hotel before...after HOTEL BABYLON, you'll appreciate the guest services provided and definitely be a better sport on your next vacation. Cheers!Give HOTEL BABYLON a peek. Considering my favorite shows are darker ones like THE WIRE and BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, this BBC gem along with the new DOCTOR WHO is a pleasant surprise.
277 positivo  Hotel Babyon - 5 Stars I discovered BBC programming after watching the excellent comedy series "Coupling" late one night on PBS. And I must say, the British have some outstanding shows."Hotel Babylon" is easily one of hippest, sexiest shows in recent memory -- miles ahead of NBC's "Las Vegas". Of course much of that can be contributed to the sharp writing and attractive cast, as well as the sleek sets and gorgeous shots of London.Still, there's a lot more to this series than meets the eye. Newly appointed deputy manager Charlie Edwards (Max Beesley) serves as the series' narrator, navigating the trials and tribulations that the staff of the five-star property meet each day.Above Max is Rebecca Mitchell (Tamzin Outhwaite), the Hotel's general manager. She's a gorgeous, confident woman who handles everything from "ordinary guests" to rock stars and even foreign delegates. Though highly poised on the outside, she's hiding a number of secrets that are revealed as the series progresses -- among them the fact that she's left her husband and is currently living inside the hotel itself.The supporting cast is as diverse as it is amusing. Guest concierge Tony Casemore (Dexter Fletcher) does everything from getting theater tickets and restaurant tables, to high-class prostitutes for the rock stars who inevitably arrive from time to time. Joining him at the front desk area is receptionist Anna Thorton-Wilton (Emma Pierson), an old flame of Charle's and a rather superficial social climber."Hotel Babylon" alternates between the day-to-day grind of the hotel business to the persona lives of the characters. All of them seem to have secrets of some kind -- ones that eventually rear their ugly heads on the job. Of course, there's also a good dose of sex, glamor and money, all of which make the series a pleasure to watch!
278 neutral  Here is a little secret. After you watch a few episodes, it will be fairly clear to you who the two central characters are. If you enjoy a fitting but bleak ending, stop at Season 3, Episode 5. But if you prefer romantic comedies, view through 3/5 then skip to Season 4, Episode 3, as the final act.
279 positivo  Awesomely Fun!!! It took me about an episode and a half to fully be able to appreciate everything this show has to offer. The pacing is very well done. There is not a lot of downtime before character development begins automatically drawing you into the world that the characters inhabit. You immediately know which characters you are going to love and which ones you are going to love to hate. Working in the hotel industry myself in New York City I really enjoy seeing the characters go through the same trials and tribulations of the glitzy and glamorous world of it all if not a little more exaggerated and exciting. I particularly enjoyed the 6th episode with the crazy and eerie overnight shift. All in all I think that after reading the book this is about as perfect a representation of the material as can be made. I recommend the book and the series to anyone that works in a hotel or has ever stayed in a hotel. You will appreciate every episode for at least one of the subplots if not all of them. My only criticism is that the major story arcs that carry over from episode to episode develop a little slowly, but the payoff makes it all worthwhile. One more thing that I really enjoy is the soundtrack. It seems like the entire show is underscored with very nice music to help maintain the mood and create a perfect atmosphere to absorb you into every scene.
280 positivo  hotel Babylon Light hearted series - I loved it. Made me smile and look at Hotel life through a different window. Will definately get Series two
281 positivo  Great British Show ... Bad Sound This is a show about a posh hotel ... and it has enough scandal, sex and drama to satisfy any fan of British television. You'll need a region 2 DVD player to watch this. But those are easy and inexpensive enough to find. One of my favorite shows ever is Footballers Wives and although this show doesn't live up to that benchmark it still sizzles.One caveat is that the sound mixer for this show should be ashamed at themselves. The speaking track is low and muffled in many cases. The music track is booming and loud. It gets annoying because especially for an American viewer, it is hard to understand about a quarter of what is being said anytime there is music playing while characters are speaking. (which is almost always) This is one of the most poorly mixed shows I have ever heard in terms of the audio ... it is almost like someone made this on a laptop. The audio engineer really screwed this up. It makes the show very hard to watch because extremely hard to understand certain characters, especially when things are spoken in hushed tones or whispers. They put music (loungy heavy bass music behind the showe almost always.Beyond the terribly destructive audio, the show is interesting. The characters are ones you can invest in. A witchy manager, a slick assistant manager with a troubled and mysterious past, a lothario bartender, sexy cleaning lady, old school doorman, conniving ex-girlfriend front desk manager and a capable but somewhat shady concierge who steals the show. The guests who check into the hotel pose certain problems ... rockstars, suicidal guests, high class call girls. Each show usually focuses on 2 or 3 of these guests and their problems along with the drama between the staff. It is a good balance of humor and drama and each show is a nice escape where you can get involved in the plotlines and characters without suspending too much disbelief.The resolutions of the episode ... how they wrap up the storyline ... is usually pretty predictable and too cutesy. But this is a small part of the show. I made it through the first season and enjoyed it but to be honest, I don't know how many seasons I could invest myself in watching the same environment. Also, British luxury hotels are a lot different than luxury hotels in the USA. I can't help but think when I watch this how gaudy and cheap the hotel looks. It is supposed to be a creme de la creme top of the line luxury hotel ... however, here in the USA it looks sort of seedy and tawdry and not at all luxurious. Think lots of neon, grey and red. I think the set design does the show a dis-service ... but then again, I've stayed at a few hotels in the British style that were very expensive and very tawdry looking.Overall, a good show with interesting characters and sort of interesting storylines. I don't know how many seasons I could watch this ... but I guess Bad Girls focused on a prison and made it to 7 or 8 seasons. So we will see. Another good British drama with sexy story lines and plenty of plot twists. Anyone who can give me some recommendations on more British soap style dramas like this would be very helpful. I have seen all the Footballers Wives and Bad Girls. I am thinking my next show might be Mile High ... but would love a Brisith tv show in the veign of FBW. This is as close as I've come so far.
282 positivo  Best people-handling skills ever I've watched this before and I come back to it often enough that I felt that owning it was worthwhile - watching it is like having a drink while listening to smooth jazz (if that's your thing) or some really decadent dark chocolate in front of a fire (if that's your thing)...there's something delicious in the way the characters handle all the (sometimes touching, sometimes silly, sometimes suspenseful) situations, so smoothly, handling guests in such a way that they don't know they're being handled. I aspire to deal with office politics and ruffled customers the way the staff of Hotel Babylon do!
283 positivo  Hotel Babylon Season ! Great character development. A must see, each show built onto the next. Some of the characters you "love to hate" and they play the part so well! The great British humour shines through. I had to order the next series right away!
284 positivo  Good trashy fun...most of the time I'm watching this series on Netflix while home sick with bronchitis. For the most part, I've enjoyed it a very great deal. The show provides a glimpse into a fictional five star hotel in London, which is a world that I'll never see behind from the perspective of an insider and probably won't see any time soon as a guest. While some of the capers and scams the staff and guests get up to seem a bit exaggerated for dramatic purposes, a lot of the stories do have some factual basis I'm sure."Hotel Babylon" seems to me to be a sort of combination of the much more inferior (and wholesome) "Love Boat" (with the regular cast being "the crew" interacting with various passengers and their storylines) and the superior British series "Hustle" (about goodhearted British con artists). Stylistically, the series uses a lot of the same tricks that "Hustle" does (sped up action and other visual stunts).The cast is superior and unlike some I actually like the character of Anna (maybe because she's so pretty and has that sexy British upper class accent). The standout characters are Charlie, the super-concierge, and Max, the hotel manager.The plots are fun most of the time with one of the best being when an all star British soccer team visitsThe only major negative I would give the show is when they decide to have a plot that sends a sometimes overwrought political message:1. a preachy episode plot about illegal aliens featuring a heartless immigration inspector2. an episode plot featuring a Bosnian Serb war criminal whose resolution has the cast arguably colluding in a kidnapping and probably murder3. an episode plot that decries child labor in the fashion industryAnother fault is that the characters lie to each other an awful lot and I think that would pretty much erode trust and friendships.But overall, I'd say that if you can suspend disbelief some, it's worth "checking into" Hotel Babylon for a little fun. Just remember "What goes in Hotel Babylon, stays in Hotel Babylon."
285 positivo  The best show you're NOT watching! I happened upon this show by accident and what a wonderful surprise. Smart, Funny, and it doesn't take itself too seriously. I'm watching the 3rd season now and I'm totally addicted. Give it a shot and I'm sure you will be too.It's the best show you're not watching!
286 positivo  Love it, love it, love it some more I am currently researching the hotel industry when I stumbled upon this series. I immediately took a chance and was more than satisfied to know that my gut instinct was right. The coolest thing about this series is that it is something that my fiance and I are heavily addicted to. The drama is quite intense and very entertaining. The one thing that kind of irked me was that Charlie was not as tough or outspoken as I would have liked. He was great with the guests but in regards to the staff and his boss he was a bit too reserved for me. I highly recommend this series and can't wait to see what happens in Season 2
287 positivo  Clever, funny, addictive Great series with a great mix of comedy, drama, and romance. The characters have a great chemistry and the supporting cast just adds another additional reason to watch.
288 neutral  Grand Hotel it ain't And I thought only Hollywood could produce such self-conscious, unfunny, witless television.Handsome Max Beesley was delightful in Tom Jones, but his career, aside from the big money, has taken a real nose-dive with this series. Likewise, Dexter Fletcher saw much better days with Guy Ritchie. Except for the 'hard-nosed business woman', the women are self-serving bimbos that Las Vegas would be proud of, but all the characters are monochromatic and shameless stereotypes: unctuous Italian, gay black, trampy receptionist. The latter is also a consummate, if failed (due to stupidity), gold-digger who regularly sleeps with any good-looking guest who's rich enough. In fact, the whole place is run like a high-class brothel.These people supposedly work is a 5-star hotel in London, but their every action belies the 'invisible service' that one might expect in such an establishment. Week after week they bully, preach to, invade the privacy of, and otherwise interfere with the lives of high-toned clients. No one ever gets fired, no matter how egregious and selfish their behavior. It can be said that the characters and scripts display all the emotional maturity, and depth, of a ten year old. The episode in which the cliched straight Italian barman affects being gay (taught by the token gay black desk clerk) in order to get a big tip from a gay guest, is both embarrassing and offensive.Other reviewers find this series addictive. I, too, must admit that I watched the whole first series on a popular streaming service, but mostly in order to see if they could maintain such high standards of superficiality and questionable moral tone throughout. They did.At least I didn't suffer the humiliation of paying for it.
289 positivo  After 18 years I finally meet John Piper! I am so grateful for the Blazing Center DVD and the exceptional price. I enjoyed immensely seeing the dynamic presentation by an author I have read for all these years. I would love to see this DVD given to many of our grandchildren.
290 positivo  Outstanding This is a wonderful DVD for teens and adults alike. This is my second purchase of the same DVD so I can loan it out to anyone who wishes to watch it - and be changed by it.
291 positivo  Great Study! Just received this DVD set and cannot wait to begin this study. John Pipers books always challenge me and friends have told me this is an excellent study.
292 negativo  Bad Deal!! I ordered this DVD and received a substitute I never received the DVD I ordered from Importcds (the Vendor). I contacted them and did not recieve any feedback. I can't rate a DVD I have never seen. I didn't bother to send it back because it would have cost me more that I orginally paid for it. In the future I will watch for the name of the person and/or persons I am buying from. I thought they were a good company. I understand a simple mistake but, to not get a response at all is not good businees sense. I spend hundreds of dollars a month on Amazon.com building my DVD collection. I guess I will be more careful in the future.
293 negativo  audio options non existent While the movie in itself was better than i expected what i didnt expect was the "non existent" Thai soundtrack. While the option was on the disc menu (as well as stated on the package) the Thai soundtrack does not exist. No matter what you choose, Thai or English, English is what you get and while there are some exceptions most dubbing is ridiculous at best and the dubbing on this title is sub par. While this review covers only the first movie of the two the other may remain in plastic never to see the inside of my dvd player. Its a shame and a sham when you purchase what claims to be original and is not. Very disapointed in this offering from Tokyo Shock.
294 neutral  Have yet to watch it yet. I bought this movie to watch with my Thai girlfriend and did not get teh chance. She told me kn the phone she was watching it.She seemed to Enjoy it overall. When is howed this one and 1-2 to her she said its not for her. She lieks scary movies but this one did not apeal to her.Well she did watch it and enjoyed it. I wont get to watch it untill Aug. But i am looking forward to it.I gave the 3 star because i have not seen it. I would have givin it a 1 or a 2. It was moved to a three because of my girl friends opinon. First she said not for her than she said good movie. So it changed her mind.I am looking forward to it though
295 negativo  A Valiant Effort, but it misses the mark. Michele Soavi enjoys international cult-status as the maker of avant-garde horror films, and as such, his fans will not be disappointed with "Saint Francis." The first half of this movie's cup overflows with sinister characters, protracted violence, on-camera torture, and endless journeys through frightening dwellings and landscapes.That said, he made an admirable attempt to depict a "muscular" Christianity and present Francis's life without pastel colors. It had to be done and he did it. But, while this film is an artistically lush period piece and is conceptually intriguing, the realization is disappointing. The plot is somewhat muddled, the script doesn't justify its three and one-half hour length, and the characters are unremittingly stern---whereas, the hallmark of St. Francis was joy. (According to witnesses, he bore his year in prison "with cheerfulness and good temper." A better interpretation of the saint's troubadour-like personality is the father's character in the Italian film "Life is Beautiful.")Additionally, Soavi's portrayal of Francis' relationship with the Catholic Church is slightly skewed and incomplete.Saint Francis was a reformer, not a rebel.In Soavi's interpretation, Saint Francis appears as a precursor to Luther; that is, Christianity should be "sola scriptura." Add to that '"sola" nature' and '"sola"poverty' and you have the plot of this film in a nutshell. The Franciscan ideal does contain the Gospels, nature, and poverty, but it contains much more; obedience being high on the list. Saint Francis' faith was never at odds with the faith of the Catholic Church.Furthermore, belief that the Church did not allow men and women to read the Gospels in their native language is an erroneous belief, but it is widespread and one need not be anti-Catholic to hold it. This theme in the movie's plot is historically inaccurate. (What the Church guarded against were "Gospels" written in the vernacular that contained error. For those who are interested, Mario Derksen (Catholic Insight) in his essay, "Did the Catholic Church Try to Keep the Bible From the Laity?" uses modern and historical sources to argue that the Church was concerned with mis-translations, not translations.)For many good reasons Michele Soavi's film will (or, will not) resonate with viewers, but for an accurate picture of Saint Francis and Saint Clare one would do well to get a good biography. (G.K.Chesterton's "Saint Francis of Assisi," is a start.)
296 positivo  Must see. I have seen all the movies that are made about our beloved Saint, but this is the best. This was even better than "brother sun and sister moon". Well done. Except a few minor points, the story follows the life of Saint Francis. This is a must see, for those who love Francis.
297 negativo  disappointing... I looked forward to watching this movie, but was disappointed. Overall it is well made, but the representation of St. Francis was at best disappointing. I realize St. Francis's life was not a bed of roses, but there was almost no joy *AT ALL* in his life, according to this movie. Far too much crying for his character lines.Also, it was troubling to have St. Francis represented as someone almost bordering on disobedience to the Pope when he requests approval for his order. It is one thing to speak freely but they carried it too far for the saint who "rebuilt Christ's church."
298 negativo  Very problematic depiction Although visually sumptuous, gritty and sensual, this film has several problematic characteristics that prevent it from being either an enjoyable or edifying portrayal of St. Francis.In the first place, a_very_blatant Protestant plot element is inserted in the movie, with an apparent Waldensian St. Francis meets in prison. The man is there because he translated the Gospels into "the common tongue" and is then brutally tortured for such "heresy", but not before he passes his ragged Bible to Francis, whose faith is awakened by this first introduction to the Word of God.The second problem is that the movie does not attempt to attribute any sort of supernatural explanation to Francis' actions, but instead gives a naturalistic depiction of his life. God does not speak to Francis here. The closest we come to anything miraculous was when Francis and his brothers saw a large flock of birds. Even his stigmata is played down to resemble nothing more than scrapes on his hands. It is also hinted at that it is self-inflicted, since the movie earlier showed us Francis intentionally grasping a thorny stick as hard as he could, and wounding his hands.The third issue is that Francis' personality is just warped in this movie. He is portrayed as a delusional, self-harming, neurotic lunatic, an amiable simpleton at best. He is frequently shown crying, moaning, rolling around the ground in pain, spitting up blood. It is none-too-subtly hinted at that he was nuts.The fourth problem is that the movie is interminable. It is almost 3 hours long. If it contained any sort of plot development or dramatic tension, that would have been bearable, but with Francis mostly just acting strangely, it was not a pleasant experience.The movie isn't all bad, as I said. It is beautiful to watch, and so far as I can translate Italian, the acting seemed powerful to me. I was glad it didn't obscure Francis' faith, as Zefferelli's proto-hippy Francis seemed to do. However, the problems I elucidated above ruined it all for me.
299 positivo  St. Francis Excellent movie. Top quality screenplay, impressive actors. The movie is based on true facts, so it is not a fantasy film. Highly recommended to see.Thanks to everyone who was involved in the creation of the film. God bless you all!
300 positivo  Divinely Wonderful In a world where media is dominant this movie is so refreshing as it chronicles the agony of a person who yearns for God. Watch it! 0:)
301 negativo  As Bad a Production as Possible This Broadway Theatre Archive production took one of the wittiest, most sparkling 18th-century comedies--and ruined it. The costumes are intentionally absurd (think Beach Blanket Babylon), the acting is way over-the-top-camp, and the incidental music could not be worse. The music, BTW, is a combination of pop Renaissance and pop modern; anything but 18th century. The director appears to have had the goal of showing that his company was just too hip and too modern to do anything but make fun of this silly, fusty old play.I like "The School for Scandal" very much, and not having found any other DVDs of it, I started out with the intention of keeping a recording of even a bad production. But when they got into the extended bop-be-bop of the drinking song scene, I knew I just couldn't ever sit through this one again.The visuals are also blurry, but with the production being so bad, so what? Anyone who actually likes this play will be revolted by this DVD.
302 positivo  Hands down the best SCHOOL... I've found If all you care about is slick packaging and color video, by all means pass on to the thoroughly acceptable color DVD from the Broadway Theatre Archive, but if you want to see Richard Brinsley Sheridan's classic Restoration Comedy, THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL, performed by a theatre cast which would be hard to beat, this wonderful production starring a very young Joan Plowright and the always wonderful Felix Aylmer (don't miss him in the theatrical films of Bernard Shaw's THE DOCTOR'S DILEMMA and SAINT JOAN) should be on your shelves. The smash hit 1963 Broadway production (recorded on Command Records) with John Gielgud and Ralph Richardson *may* have surpassed this production for polish, but I have yet to see a film or video production which could.Sheridan's play premiered in London during the spring of 1777, and was playing in New York before the final shots were fired in our War For Independence. I'm having trouble finding the exact date of the broadcast documented in this Video Yesteryear release (and how I wish the packaging on more video releases from even more "upscale" releasers included such important information), but this video gives you the feel of what our founding fathers (and the British officers occupying New York for most of that war) must have enjoyed when it was new - the very graininess of the released film contributes to the illusion - and reminds us as effectively as the wonderful 1776 musical that they were actually flesh and blood people too. What a pleasure to share a high pleasure like this with them.
303 neutral  Witty and worthy production A crisp production negotiated with wit and flair, this delicious confection offers a tantilizing glimpse of the mores and manners of Sheridan's 18th century England. Guided with a sure hand by Michael Langham and Nick Havinga, this handsome production is well paced, wittily acted, and far worthier than the sneering commentary of the reviewers below would have you believe.
304 positivo  Interesting adaptation I pity the kid who picks this up in lieu of Cliffs Notes. Several scenes have been excised. Or rewritten. Or placed in different sequence.
305 negativo  Not professional quality I first tried buying this tape from a Marketplace seller. I sent it back because the tape quality was poor and the packaging looked unprofessional. After returning it I bought one from Amazon proper and . . . it was the same quality tape and the same packaging. Since I'm now sure this is not a bootleg tape, all I can say is . . . some videos are better than others.
306 neutral  three to four stars - depending... Classic drawing room comedy, period piece. Cleverly written in a time when the audience needed a bit of a nudge to figure out each character. Each person's name describes how you should feel about each! Charming idea from the 1700's. If you've never had a chance to see one of these comedies, take a look. This is a famous play and well done. Must see for theatre students.
307 positivo  The best workout video ever. I am a jogger from Minnesota and I needed an exercise tape for inside when the weather prevents me from jogging. I have just placed an order for my second Cory Everson's Total Body Workout as I am fearful that my first one will wear out. If inside exercise generally bores you to tears, Cory alleviates the problem.This is a fast paced workout with enough variety to keep you entertained. She includes a warm-up and cool down, trouble zone toning,strength training,step training and circuit training, everything a woman needs to maintain a healthy body in just one hour. It does require a step, for step aerobics, and hand held weights, but there are no gimics, no annoying music or irritating voices just a thoroughly enjoyable workout.
308 positivo  The best video workout I've ever exercised with! The combination of spot-toning , weight-training, step-aerobics and circuit-training make this the most enjoyable tape I've ever exercised with. If you find aerobics tapes boring, this is the workout to do. The exercise changes during the course of the workout definitely keep this tape from becoming a mundane routine. Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
309 positivo  Cory Everson's Total Body Workout This video hit all the spots most women have troubles with. Cory's videos are really good. She's very positive. I weight train 4 days a week and do Aerobis on my alternating day's, this is a great alternating day workout. It is also good for beginer's. I'm a certified personal trainer and have been exercising for 17 years not to many workouts are really a challange, still looking for one . If you'll try this one you may like it, it's great for starters. Keep Moviated! Good luck!
310 positivo  Toned If you do this video regularly, you will see results. I've used it before on weight-loss plans and I have always been able to see my body change. Because of the warm up and cool down, I never got sore. And even when I was 150 pounds overweight, I could still do the video. It's my all time favorite.
311 negativo  Think twice about purchasing this video prior to viewing This was the second of Cory's tapes that I have purchased and was equally if not more so, disappointed. Not having the opportunity to view it, I purchased it based on customer ratings from Amazon. If music and environment is important to you, this is not the right video. The music is not aligned at all with the movement, and either is her counting. Though there are five sections for a full body workout, the exercises are jerky and inefficient. There is no pre-instruction or notice prior to each exercise in addition to little to no safety in the movements or shifting from one to another. Though Cory's reputation with regard to her bodybuilding is well noted, I will not be purchasing any other tapes from her collection. It is the first "instructor of tapes I have noted, wearing evening gown length earrings in her workouts and she and the members of her training look more like first timers for the Playboy collection than serious and directed workout members. Their "bums" are bare for the workouts. All these factors combined, I find them more "show" than anything else.
312 positivo  perfect I wore a previous VHS tape out so I needed a new one. Good workout and fun. I'd recommend it even if it is a VHS.
313 negativo  Not really what I wanted For anybody who's looking for the 1978 movie with Lauren Bacall - this is not it ! Actually it's a 12 minute CBS music video by a group called "Perfect Gentleman" with 2 titles on it: "Ooh la la" and "One more Chance". This is not a rating of this video (I didn't bother watching it) but just of the fact that there's absolutely no information in the Amazon product details which could have told me this wasn't the feature film I was looking for before I ordered it. That's even more a pity as it was the fastest delivery I ever got from the US to Europe by Mail - a very short-lived joy.
314 neutral  Honest Straight Forward Advice Earlier this year I made the decision to become a real estate agent. Due to previous experiences in other lines of work and the fact that I have yet to find a job that pays anywhere near what would merit the astronomical cost of my education I am very careful. I am immediately skeptical of anyone who wants me to pay them to enhance my career. When I came across Mario's videos on youtube it was very refreshing. There were no bells and whistles or promises of a program that would make you rich, just a friendly looking man sitting in his home office doling out advice. I am honest and straight forward by nature so I was interested in seeing what Mario was all about. This DVD takes his youtube videos a step further and spells out several fantastic ways to be spending your time during your first 30 days as a real estate agent.... Also, Mario left his office and moved to a fancier studio to produce the dvds. I've got some great ideas from watching the DVD. Even if you have been in the business for more than 30 days it might be a good idea to check this one out to make sure you are on the right track.
315 positivo  A MUST HAVE!!!! As a real estate agent just starting out not long ago, I was in need of guidance. I found Mario Jannatpour on YouTube. I can not say enough about how excited I was to find him. So inspirational and helpful! I feel like I have succeeded in many ways because of him. Thank goodness he is still at it, publishing even more material! This Dvd will bring so much knowledge and inspiration to you as well! Just give him 30minutes of your time and you will be hooked! Great Role Model, Great books, Great DVD's....5 STARS!!!
316 positivo  A blueprint for all new and current agents!! Mario has done an amazing job with his book and now has done it again with his professional and well-thought out videos. I'm going through the process of transitioning into this field, so the information which Mario provides hits the nail on the head. He's given me lots of great ideas on how to get my business off the ground in the 1st 30 days and beyond. Mario has been in this business for over 10 years and continues to share his best practices over the years. This video would also benefit veterans in the field as well as it can spark new ideas on how to grow your existing business. Mario explains how to take advantage of social media, creating your own blog/website, and eventually promoting yourself via Youtube! I'm on to his next video!!
317 positivo  Get on the right track to success Another fantastic video in his new DVD series - you're starting off in a real estate career, what now? In the same friendly, personable manner you've grown accustomed to in his Youtube videos and Sellinginsite.com, Mario offers advice, tips, and activities you can get started on in your first 30 days as a real estate agent. You only have so much time, and this video will help teach you where to focus your attention to get you on the right track to success. It's a step by step action plan from someone who's been there before. Whether you're just starting off, or your real estate career needs a reboot, you're sure to benefit from this video. This DVD, in addition to the others in this series, complements his book "The Honest Real Estate Agent" - well recommended, if you haven't yet read it!
318 neutral  Ready, Set, Go! Mario lets you know what do to be successful in the beginning and what to stay away from. He lets you know that a career in Real Estate is easy to get into and even harder to stay in over time, then proceeds to lay out a 14 point program to follow for success.
319 positivo  Grandson enjoyed maybe 20 times! Fine. Boys and the toys or trains I forget how many times kids can watch a movie and then watch it again
320 positivo  excellent video for boys My five year old loves Thomas and this video is one of his favorites. Thomas is enjoyable for young children.
321 negativo  not interesting enough for little ones I wish I had read the other reviews before buying this particular video. My two year old does not have any interest in the between episode segments where parents and kids talk about their feelings for Thomas. I think it may have mads an interesting documentary for older kids who had liked Thomas as small children but for little kids, it does not hold their interest long enough to get to the next story. Perhaps if the video allowed you to skip the segments or turn them off like the producer notes in movies, it would be a nicer experience.
322 positivo  good movie Price is great-wasn't crazy about this Thomas movie as much as others though. But I still love you Thomas!
323 neutral  It's just OK, not great I bought the DVD thinking it would be back to back episodes of Thomas with no interruptions. Instead it has footage of a Thomas event and children and adults giving reviews of Thomas and their favorite episodes. I found it cheesy and annoying. My son loves Thomas and I hoped it would be strictly the episodes and not other footage. Thankfully the footage between the episodes is brief enough to tolerate the video.
324 positivo  Thomas & Friends: 10 years of Thomas & Friends Great DVD. My three year old can't get enough of Thomas and the trains on the island of Sodor.
325 positivo  Great Movie! My son loves this movie because it includes clips of Day Out With Thomas and features real kids talking about their favorite parts of Thomas movies or Thomas characters. Great for the toddler crowd!
326 positivo  Son enjoys Thomas and Friends My son enjoys watching Thomas and Friends. It's one of the only shows he will sit still for. Having 10 years of the best shows for him to watch is a joy and a treat for him.Thanks again,James Rivers Jr.
327 positivo  Kids loved it! Kids loved it! It was a nice addition to the grandkids Thomas train set. They watch the video everyday!
328 positivo  Great Gift, Great Price This was a great gift for a great price. My nephew loves it. He watches it over & over. I bought some other Thomas the Train gifts to go along with this DVD and it was a great hit. The product shipped on time & the quality was great too.
329 positivo  They'd watch it nonstop if I'd let them apart from it arriving broken the first time, my kids are loving this DVD, which I alternate with the other I purchased to keep my own sanity. This DVD has created a Thomas fan out of my 3 1/2 yr. old daughter as well.
330 negativo  Very annoying! This video is really a disappointment, it came with a Thomas piece so naturally my daughter picked it and I thought the bonus "feature" wouldn't be mixed in with the actually Thomas stories but I was wrong. My daughter easily lost interest when the people would come on and talk about loving Thomas and getting to ride the real Thomas train... I was totally annoyed.
331 neutral  10 Years of Thomas is FINALLY going on DVD! Well, as you know, Thomas & Friends: 10 Years of Thomas celebrates 10 Years of Thomas & Friends in America.But know, after a long wait, it is on DVD!OUR STORY STOPS ARE: (also featured on VHS)Thomas and Bertie's Great RaceOld IronThe Trouble with MudTerence the TractorPercy's Ghostly TrickMavisHenry and the ElephantPercy's PromiseJames Goes Buzz BuzzAll at SeaDVD BONUS FEATURES:Sing-Along Song: "Thomas' Anthem: Grand Finale" (also on VHS)Read-Along Storybook: "Breakfast Time for Thomas"Character Gallery"Build an Engine" GameLink to Official Thomas WebsiteSPECIAL FEATURES:"Day out with Thomas" Scene SelectionEpisode SelectionSo I think I will get it, but it comes with a wooden Percy engine, (which I already have!).
332 negativo  WARNING: may cause excessive nagging Unlike other Thomas DVDs, this special edition DVD contains live action segments featuring the life-size Thomas train that travels the country. So unless you want to be hounded every day until Thomas stops in your area, do not get this DVD. You have been warned! The live action segments also feature some of the most unattractive children ever shot on tape and a revisionist Thomas history that begins with Britt Alcroft and not with Rev. W. Awdry. If none of this phases you, you get a good number of Thomas stories for the price.
333 negativo  Extremely Disappointed with this video I never write reviews but I just felt compelled after I saw this video. It's 70% listening to parents and kids think about Thomas and maybe 30% Thomas related. What is worse is that you have to fast forward through a bunch of the rambling in order to see what amounts to a 5 minute story. And, there is only one song in the "Sing A Long". I really liked Thomas stories after watching them on PBS with my daughter. Next time, I will try to find those stories on video. They actually last about 15 minutes and do not involve mindless prattle from people I don't know.
334 negativo  Not as expected... My children get easily bored with this video. I thought it was several episodes of Thomas but it has A LOT of just children and parents talking about Thomas and all. It doesn't keep the kids attention because what kid wants to sit and listen to a bunch of talking. This was my first Thomas video purchase...hopefully the next will have more shows and less talking!
335 positivo  Great Lessons! Our two-year old grandson loved this - and we enjoyed watching it with him. Some good lessons to be learned by any age!
336 neutral  Thomas and friends My 3 yr old grandson loves Thomas and all his friends..we play it over and over again everyday along with 6 other Thomas videos
337 positivo  great Bought it for my 2.5 year old niece and she loved it. Dinner got easier with this disc.I think it should work fine for just any kid that age.
338 positivo  Great for kids. My youngest grandson is into Thomas and he will watch this video as well as others over and over as long as it is Thomas and all his friends.
339 positivo  Not exactly as the pictures The picture showed two engines, one gold and one blue with number "1".But the one I got isn't includes those two trains. It came with two blue trains.The DVD are 63 minutes and 60 minutes Bonus Features. My kids love it!
340 positivo  So cute I bought this as a gift for my friends son and he just loves it!
341 positivo  A Grandsons love of Thomas My grandson loves Thomas The Tank Engine and with the help of the DVD'S that I purchased they just add to his adventure"s with Thomas.
342 positivo  All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike. Four DVDs in the "Thomas & Friends" series are sure to delight young viewers ages 2 and up with the exciting adventures of Thomas the Tank Engine and his transportational friends. Each affordably priced DVD features narration by celebrity George Carlin, roughly 40 minutes of short stories, plus another 60 minutes of bonus features such as sing-along songs, DVD games, and character galleries. "A Big Day for Thomas" covers Thomas' adventure when he gets to pull his very own train for the first time; "Trust Thomas & Other Stories" follows Thomas' discovery of a new way to cross a river; "Percy's Ghostly Trick & Other Thomas Stories" is a spooky adventure in which Percy's mischievous trick to make Thomas believe in ghosts backfires when Percy puffs into a big pile of hay. "Thomas & The Special Letter" sets up a conflict with George, a bad-tempered steamroller convinced that roads are more important than rails. Since the many stories on each DVD are so short, they can be shown to young people who have only a few spare minutes, such as right before bedtime, or all at once. All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike.
343 neutral  Just so-so This is a DVD with footage of a "Come Out and Meet Thomas" day mixed in between the episodes. Sort fo a promotional piece to be honest. Still decent enough to rent. The DVD extras are limited and not very good. My son seems to like it o kay but it gets pushed aside for more interactive stuff to be found on Sodor Celebration. There is also a ton of toys shown during the "party/interview" footage which can be a good or bad thing depending on how much you need to control that sort of thing with your child. Also I for one get annoyed at the interviewes not sure why they just annoy me. This production has the feel of an old VHS video copied to DVD without much added to it. I wouldn't throw it out but I wouldn't buy it either.
344 neutral  More than Thomas, Not Geared Toward Children As Much I bought this thinking it would be packed with Thomas stories. Turns out there are only ten, which is a typical Thomas DVD. However, between each story, it also has interviews with parents and their kids about what they like about Thomas. As I parent, I'm not interested in this, and I know that my 3 year old would rather watch Thomas than a bunch of strangers any day. Plus, the sing-along section has one song. One. We have other Thomas videos that has at least 4, and they aren't special DVD's, just normal Thomas collections. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, if you are looking for solely Thomas stories and can find other collections.
345 negativo  A long promo for the Thomas center(s) Unless I missed something, there are only one or two actual episodes on this DVD. The rest is a long commercial for the Thomas the Train centers and an ode to Ms. Allcroft. Waste of money.
346 negativo  Poor DVD Has too many interviews with people at the Live THomas day in Penn. My kids were annoyed and hated this DVD.
347 positivo  Great Video for kids Our 3-1/2 year old will watch this 24/7 if you let him. Great fun for the kids (which is nice for mom & dad too)
348 positivo  Thomas dvd My 4 yr old loves Thomas. This dvd has over ten shows and even more. I love this dvd.
349 positivo  Great for the Kids This is a great dvd and well worth the price .... fast getting here as always...
350 neutral  Nice compilation, but DVD could be better This DVD is the "Commemorative Collector's Edition" of the *10 Years of Thomas & Friends* video that was released in 1999, and comes with a wooden Alfie vehicle by Learning Curve. It includes footage of the "A Day Out with Thomas" event held at the Strasburg Railroad in Pennsylvania, during which children selected their favorite episodes for inclusion in the video.Since the episodes contained in this DVD have been reviewed pretty thoroughly for the VHS version, I won't comment too much on them.Both the image and sound quality on the DVD transfer are fairly good. The DVD programming, however, leaves something to be desired. You cannot skip the logos and ads at the beginning of the DVD, nor forward through Sir Topham Hatt's introduction to the DVD features--at least, not on my DVD player (I was able to skip and fast forward using WinDVD on the PC).The "Bonus Features" are rather unexceptional. The "Build an Engine" game is best suited for young preschoolers: you add parts to Thomas, James, or Toby. The "Sing-Along" doesn't display the song lyrics, like on the "Best of..." DVDs, so singing along can be a challenge if you don't know all the words. The "Read-Along" story seems to be a scanned version of the storybook, and not very interactive, except for clicking on the arrows. The "Character Gallery" consists of brief bios of 16 engines, plus Sir Topham Hatt. And as for the link to the official Thomas website, well, you don't need this DVD to visit the site.Many reviews for the VHS version denigrate the footage from "A Day Out with Thomas," but I actually enjoyed the footage of the Strasburg Railroad and life-sized Thomas. The interviews with children and parents, though, did grow tiresome after a few viewings. However, the "Day Out" footage actually was one reason I bought this DVD, since I planned to take my 2 year-old son to that very event at the Strasburg Railroad. I didn't want my son to be afraid when he saw the actual Thomas steam engine in real life, since it's a lot bigger than his wooden Thomas train!My son enjoys all the episodes, although his attention sometimes flags about halfway through the DVD, so we usually just watch a few episodes (right now, his favorite train DVD is *Big Trains, Little Trains*). It's a pretty good collection of George Carlin era episodes. My son couldn't care less about the narrators at this point, but my favorites have always been Ringo Starr and George Carlin. I used to watch "Shining Time Station" with my younger brothers back in the 80s. George Carlin does a great job characterizing the different engines and people.NARRATOR: George CarlinRUNNING TIME: Approximately 63 min. (plus 60 min. Bonus Features)PACKAGED WITH: Alfie (Thomas & Friends Wooden Railway); DVD in slimline slipcaseSTORY STOPS:+Thomas & Bertie's Great Race+Old Iron+The Trouble with Mud+Terence the Tractor+Percy's Ghostly Trick+Mavis+Henry & the Elephant+Percy's Promise+James Goes Buzz Buzz+All at SeaBONUS FEATURES (from the DVD case):+Bios of Your Favorite Friends+"Thomas' Anthem Grand Finale" Sing-Along Song+"Build and Engine" Game+"Breakfast Time for Thomas" Read-Along Story+Link to Official Thomas Web Site
351 positivo  10 GREAT STORIES ON DVD + SING-A-LONG & A FEW SPECIAL FEATURES = 5 STAR ENTERTAINMENT First of all, let me say that I love Thomas the Tank Engine. My 6-year-old son has loved Thomas for 3+ years running and I am very grateful for all the good times the three of us have had. That having been said, this is a compilation VHS. You will not find any new stories on this one. However, it is worth viewing (and getting, if you don't have a big collection) if you have children. We got this as a gift from friends, so having duplicates of the stories was not a big problem with us. Interspersed between the stories is what seems to be an advertisement for the "Day Out With Thomas." It is interesting to watch, but is not informative for one actually thinking about participating in one of the programs.ABOUT THE STORIES:The 10 stories (4 more than the usual offering) featured on the video are as follows:Thomas & Bertie's Great Race: This is one of the formative Thomas stories and is a welcome addition to anyone's collection. This particular episode is referenced in several subsequent episodes.Old Iron: This is a charming story where Edward saves the day. However, this one is frequently recycled on Thomas' compilations. We already have it on at least 3 videos.The Trouble With Mud: Fans of Gordon the Big Blue Engine will appreciate this one. It is included on the Best of Gordon video as well.Terence the Tractor: This is another story which is essential to Thomas lore. Terence and his funny caterpillars save the day when Thomas get stuck in the snow. The song "Don't Judge a Book by its Cover" is based on this one.Percy's Ghostly Trick: This is a cute little story where Percy gets to play a little trick on Thomas.Mavis: This story features the lovely little diesel as well as an always-lovable Toby. Toby has to show impatient Mavis the ropes in this one.Henry the Elephant: The circus is on the Island of Sodor and the engines are always ready to be really useful, even when 5 tons of pachyderm are on the line. This is a charming story which is not on any of our other collections.Percy's Promise: Percy saves the day and does not let axle-deep water put a cramp in his style.James Goes Buzz-Buzz: We also have this episode on the Best of James collection, but it is a good story and features some nice stop-action animation as well as little-seen figures such as the Vicar.All at Sea: Duck wonders about life beyond the horizon in this lovely story. Harold the Helicopter puts aside his usual haughtiness to help him out. I've never seen this one, so it was a treat for my son and I.Thomas' Anthem Grand Finale: A rousing musical way to end a very well-spent hour on the tracks.George Carlin is the narrator for all 10 of the stories and he provides suitable voices for all the characters. I enjoy hearing him, although he is not as lovable as the quirky Ringo Starr.All in all, this video is well worth watching and would be a great way to start a new Thomas lover's collection. Check it out if you get a chance!ABOUT THE DVD:This one is a little short on features, but the transfer is exceptional. Since kids, like mine and perhaps yours too, will want to see this repeatedly, it is comforting to know that unlike the video, this DVD will not wear out as long as we keep the DVD out of harm's way.
352 negativo  Not just Thomas stories There are ten Thomas & Friends episodes on this 60-minute DVD. These are not just Thomas stories, but a mixture of episodes supposedly picked by children who went to the A Day With Thomas event in Penn. at some point. Preceding each story is a 40-second or so clip from the event, with parents and children commenting on the TV series. You cannot skip these with the skip button; you can fast-forward, but that's a hassle, isn't it? This is why some customers are understandably upset.But my two-year-old actually likes the footage from the event -- set to his favorite T&F; songs -- more than the stories themselves. Most of his favorite episodes are not here, so he ends up only watching the event footage and clapping every time he sees the mock-up Thomas train with all the happy children onboard.If you own few other Thomas videos, I think this is a decent value, with ten episodes that more or less represent the T&F; series. That is, pretty much every episode finds the engines "cross" -- I'm starting to get real sick of that word!
353 positivo  Nice mix of Thomas episodes and real footage. My son really liked this as it shows some scenes from Thomas' Day Out which he could relate to having been before.The footage is mixed in with Thomas episodes and interviews. The brief interview sections did'nt really hold his attention but the rest is really good.
354 positivo  If you only buy one Thomas DVD, make this one it! My son has several of the Thomas DVDs, and while he's just as content to watch any of them, this is his favorite. The episodes with Bertie and Terrance are great. Overall, a wonderful collection of earlier Thomas narrated by George Carlin. The interviews with kids are cute and provide more than just the usual shots of various engines. I find this DVD better than the "Best of" engines ones because of the variety. Plus, my son has no clear favorite and enjoys watching them all.
355 positivo  Nice Thomas Sampler Marking the 10th Anniversary of Thomas videos (certainly NOT the stories themselves), this sampler covers a fine cross-section of Thomas adventures (though they are presented out of order), musical numbers (all catchy and certain to infect your child's brain along with yours), and interviews with people of all ages visiting "A Day Out With Thomas." I was fortunate enough to catch one of these outings a few years backs, but since I am a parent of a child with a severe developmental disability, I got more of a chance to "experience" the day on the video than I did in person.Anyway, this is a nice hour of Thomas magic and a good introduction to see whether Thomas is right for your child. Highly recommended here.
356 negativo  My Son finds it annoying My 2 year old son is huge Thomas fan. This DVD has long introductions to each story in which children and adults are interviewed - my son couldn't care less. He just wants to see trains! We have a portable DVD player, and it is a big pain to try to fast forward past these introductions, and he (and I) just ends up frustrated. My advice - pick another DVD.
357 negativo  Feels like a commercial... All the interspersed kid and parent interviews where they talk about all the trains they have just feels like a thinly disguised effort to sell more product.It's also AWFULLY frustrating that you can't jut buy the DVD Series here as you can in the UK, but have to make do with compilations where there are invariably episode duplications.*sigh*
358 positivo  Love it! My son loves this video!!! He keeps asking to see "big Thomas" - he enjoys the stories, but really loves the scenes from the Day out with Thomas!
359 positivo  Enjoyable video for the kids Good video for the kids. The only thing I did not like are the in between interviews between stories. I would have liked everything to flow easier.
360 positivo  Good movie Rupert Graves is excellent in this. Ordered this a long, long time ago.
361 positivo  Inventive, Nashville-type film Ripe political satire is experienced in camping Cosmos during 1986 where the apathetic beach campers are more interested in the beauty contest, the closeted gay exercise coach, eating french fries and watching soccer games on the big screen TV than the tirades of a visiting writer along with a frustrated anarchist and his former girlfriend who is also a terrorist sympathizer. The writer gets a pie in his face in a radio interview and the anarchist finally gets a hearing of his propaganda between rounds of a boxing match. Two youngsters fall in love at a sweethearts dance. Of course, the big draw to this film is a brief appearance of late adult film star Lola Ferrari who made the Guinness Book of Records title for having the world's largest breasts. The fantasy scenes featuring her are more attractive than you would expect.
362 positivo  Fantastic Movie I loved the music, the actors and the story the scenery and the chemistry between the two leading actors. SRK is lovable and his acting is always superb whatever role he plays.
363 positivo  Marriage has its good and bad moments This is a tear-jerker mixed with humor. A lot of rough patches for this couple but don't let that scare you off because there are also a lot of good times, too. I watch this movie often as I am a hopeless romantic and I thoroughly enjoy the music and dancing (Hindi style & Pop Rock mix), plus it's worth wading through the tears to get to the fun parts. It ends the way a typical relationship of this type would, but that's not exactly a bad thing in this case. I recommend it to everyone.
364 neutral  Cute storyline in the beginning After the first half it's not as magical, though still full of undying love as most SRK movies are .
365 positivo  Awesome Love Story!!! What an amazing & beautiful story of a couple so much in love, but struggling to show it to each other. It's so easy at first, but as we all know, you have to WORK at marriage to make it last.
366 positivo  Great Actors - Well done film! Shah Rukh Khan is my favorite actor. I enjoy seeing Rani Mukerji paired with him. This film was well done. It showed some of the difficulties couples might face after marriage. One thing that stood out to me, which bothered me, was that the "in-laws" of Rani's character seemed prejudiced against Shah Rukh Khan's character. I believe that once a family member has married someone, the rest of the family should be respectful and supportive of that choice and welcome and love the new spouse. Most romantic films focus on the relationship up until marriage, with the idea that the couple will live "Happily Ever After". However, the reality is that relationships need to be cared for after marriage. And this film gives a glimpse into the reality of marriage.
367 positivo  The story is overly realistic, and typical, but still a treat to watch for visual sakes Where has it ever been wrong when Shah Rukh Khan and Rani Mukerji star together as a couple trying to work things out?They meet by accident, argue with each other for a while, start to like each other, marry, then they continue their original natural behaviors, they get complacent with each other in their marriage, and then eventually grow apart from each other. Rani Mukherji's role shows her as more serious about her career and her future, but Shah Rukh Khan's role shows him more nonchalant and maybe even a little bit lazy, and therefore, the relationship continues on a sour note.As far as the story goes, there is very little surprise here. I only really appreciate it more than many Bollywood films because, for once, I think the songs videos are more enjoyable than the movie itself.But, I generally watch Bollywood films because I love to watch good looking people on film. A good story is only secondary as my main intention is to be entertained.If you an English speaking American, and are new to Bollywood films, let me give you a breakdown of how I interpret and ingest the Bollywood experience:First of all, you will most always be reading English subtitles.The average Bollywood film is about 3 hours long.Bollywood films are very colorful. All their beautiful fashion, and colorful dance floors. In High Definition, just the sceneries alone make you appreciate what High Definition is all about.About 30 percent of the film will be music videos (with Yash Raj films, it's more like about 45 percent). I personally wish there were less music videos if the movie is already over three hours long.About 30 percent of most Bollywood films have some rather silly, really unfunny, and downright annoying comedy scenes (which is usually in the first half of the film), then the film will start to become more serious, as it moves along.One of the main reasons why you will watch a Bollywood film, is because you already chose to fall in love with one of their many beautiful actresses, or handsome actors. (I personally try to see all Rani Mukherji films, and Shah Rukh Khan is the one actor known to be one of the biggest box office sellers of Bollywood.)So, I guess I can honestly say that I have about 10 Blu-Ray Bollywood films which about 7 of them are Yash Raj releases. Though I have about 100 Bollywood films on DVD, all I really care to get on Blu-Ray now is "Lagaan" which was the first Bollywood film that I saw about 10 years ago. And perhaps "Mann" with Aamir Khan, and "Rangeela" which stars the enchanting Urmila Matondkar. Oh, and I guess it would be truly appreciated if "Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai" starring Amisha Patel and Hrithik Roshan would ever be released in High Definition Blu-Ray. The scenes in India and New Zealand were all just so beautiful on the screen.Another good movie that I would like to recommend, that is not a Yash Raj film, but is available on Blu-Ray is "Ghulam" starring Rani Mukherji and Aamir Khan. Even all the song videos in this film are all truly appreciated, and the added humor isn't so annoying. Check it out!
368 positivo  Amazing... love it...very touch.it's to bad that in the dvd description doesn't mention no subtitles
369 positivo  My two cents..... Having read the reviews, I'm glad I read them after I saw the movie. Had I read them before, I might never have seen this interesting little film.First, I will say that a lot of Bollywood films seem to start out funny and romantic, roping you into the characters. About half way through, they often get more dramatic, and here is where you get the meat of the story. Chalte Chalte was no different. I liked this movie. I always like SRK and RM, but especially together. They have a great chemistry. I liked that neither of the characters is flawless. People aren't. We all have sides to us that aren't particularly likeable, but it's from there that we grow. Real love is taking the good with the not so good, and the relationship in this movie was believeable. I also liked the way it ended because people don't change overnight, old habits don't just disappear, although we may want them to, even desperately so. It takes time. I felt these characters would probably tackle their issues many more times in the future, but this round made them realize that they would have to work on it if they were going to stay together and make their dreams a reality. Well done.
370 positivo  Great movie, not so great DVD This is one of my favorite bollywood movies. If you're a fan of Shahrukh Khan or Rani Mukerji you'll love this movie. It's interesting too in that it goes beyond the usual pretty love story. Where a lot of movies consist of "boy meets girl, boy woos girl, boy and girl get married" this movies looks at the question of "then what?" I know some people have complained about the bickering in the second half, but I didn't think it was that excessive. The movie just portrays the usual silly arguments and misunderstandings that couples face.I'd give the movie five stars but this particular product gets only 4 stars for the DVD quality. It's definitely pixilated in parts, not the best quality picture. Still watchable, and I wouldn't return it, but wish the picture was a bit better.
371 positivo  Wrong Description Not that any one cares at this point, but Amazon has the wrong description. There were two movies over time with the same name. The cover here is not the same as the description below. Enjoy!!Starring: SIMI GAREWAL * VISHAL * NAZNEEN * DR. SREERAM LAGOOSynopsis: "Chalte Chalte" is the story of Geeta (Cimi), Ravi (Vishal) and Asha (Nazneen. Call it a co-incidence or fate, their lives get entwined unwittingly, Asha and Ravi's love affair creates a misunderstanding which brings into play a whole gamut of emotions. It's the interplay of these emotions that forms the crux of this touching youthful tale. Whatever happens in life after all, happens just "Chalte Chalte".
372 negativo  an extreme emotional ride If you want to watch a movie where a couple meets, falls in love, gets married, almost breaks up, have cat fights, get angry, make up, has new problems, lie to each other, hurt each other again, almost break up, really do break up, cry, yell at each other, cry again, then finally make up because there's not really anything else to do - then this is the movie for you.If you do, for some reason, decide to watch this, watch it to the point where they get married -THEN TURN IT OFF (being bollywood, thats about the length of a regular movie anyway).
373 negativo  If this is going to be your first Bollywood movie...pick another! I LOVE Bollywood movies. I saw my first "Kahbi Kushi" at a film festival and I was hooked. The love scenes were so sexy (And yet nobody even kissed! Amazing!). I loved the dancing and singing. I laughed at the silly misunderstandings. I cried (a LOT). Since then I've purchased many and loved most of them. Except this one. The first 30 minutes or so are as charming a Bollywood plot as any of the other movies. Poor boy sees rich girl, falls madly in love, follows her to another country, and woos her away from her family-approved wealthy fiance. Cute. But now there's 2 plus hours left of movie to go. And their relationship gets ugly. He can't get past her family's wealth and, though she never complains about their living situation, he's in a constant state of drama - scheming to succeed, blaming her when things don't go well...they split up, he makes a drunken scene outside her aunt's home.... Blah, blah, blah. As hammy as Shah Rukh Khan can be at times, he's never been unlikeable - until this movie. He was egotistical, arrogant, abrasive, annoying and I, frankly, wanted to reach through the screen and smack him.In short, if you want to dip your toe into the Bollywood ocean - and it's worth giving this genre a try - pick a different film.
374 neutral  Mixed feelings Some beautiful scenery early on and nice romantic sequences but somehow it degraded onto some of the worst aspects of couple bickering and lack of generosity in the SRK character. His bad behaviour in this movie really doesnt have much of a redeeming feature and is not something I like to hang out with. The movie ends with some reconciliation then more bickering.Don't they learn? (as in other Indian movies) They are either as dysfunctional as each other, or this relationship has a 'use-by' date.I usually like these two actors but this is one DVD I decided not to hang onto even though I have quite a few with SRK. Not a favorite.
375 positivo  Not my favorite Boy meets girl. Boy falls in love. Girl is already engaged to another. Boy chases girl across the world to try to woo her. Girl loves boy. They live happily ever after. That's the first 30 minutes of this movie. And if you've ever seen a Bollywood movie before, you know there's at least 2 and 1/2 hours left. So what do they fill it up with? Bickering. Mindless arguing that continues through nearly every minute of the movie. The movie was fine the first time through... though with all that fighting 3 hours seemed like 3 years.... but I'll probably never watch this one again. On my list of Great, Good, and Terrible Bollywood movies this is on the low end of Good. But it was good to see both Shah Rukh Khan and Rani again. They're wonderful!
376 positivo  5 stars for the music alone! I really enjoyed this movie. Admittedly, it was about an hour too long but I am a huge fan of Shahrukh Khan and Rani Murkerjee so, I found it to be delightful. Sure, the plot is weak at times and I'd recommend 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' or 'Diwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' over this anyday but still, it's quite entertaining. The music in the film is simply one of the best I've heard in any Indian movie, the singing...the dancing...EVERYTHING is so wonderful and will have you humming for days. The dvd also contains the music videos in separate chapters so that's a nice addition. LOVE this film and I definitely recommend it. If you like the chemistry between Shahrukh and Rani, then you'll love this one!
377 negativo  No one would want a husband like this If you enjoy music from other Bollywood movies, then there's a good chance you'll like the soundtrack of Chalte Chalte. And the scenery, whether the characters are in India or Greece, are beautiful too. I also like the main actors' other movies. However, there was no other redeeming quality to "Chalte Chalte" than what I've mentioned above.The love story is unrealistic from the beginning. That's usually okay in a romantic comedy because the characters still somehow live happily ever after, but this movie showed me that these kinds of relationships don't really work out. Okay, so this movie is realistic...but that didn't make it entertaining. The couple only got together because the man kept pressuring the woman to accept his proposal, and after they married, they bickered most of the time, mainly because of the husband's insecurities.This might be the movie for you if you're trying to watch every Shah Rukh Khan movie out there. Or if you're really bored and you could use some entertainment, even if it's just making fun of this movie, then you might want to check it out. Otherwise, please don't waste your time.
378 positivo  Chalte Chalte I absolutely love this movie. These two stars have completely won me over--I love their "on screen" chemistry. I rented this movie and loved it so much that I bought it--unfortunately, it has no subtitles. I wish they did more movies together.
379 positivo  Must See If there were a recipe for the perfect romantic movie, this would be it--all the right ingredients are mixed just so and the result is a feast of heady, imperfect love. Priya (played by Rani Mukerji) is upper-crust, Raj (Shahrukh Khan) is working class; she's polished, he's brash; and the two make an irresistible pair who can't resist each other, despite a mountain of obstacles. They find a way to be together, of course, and that's where most romantic movies end--but here, that's only the first half. After they wed, they come down from the high of their dramatic courtship and discover marriage isn't all wine and roses. In addition to major personality clashes--they can't stand the qualities they once loved in each other--their different social backgrounds become a growing problem, and when Raj's business runs into financial trouble and Priya tells a well-meaning lie to help him out, he stands to lose his wife and his livelihood. Mukerji and Khan--who are frequent co-stars--have never been more in sync as actors and never more convincing as lovers, whether they're making each other laugh, cry, yell, or swoon. - The Bollywood Ticket: The American guide to Indian movies (Subscribe:The Bollywood Ticket)
380 positivo  It's long, it's beautiful, it's a Shah Rukh Khan feast! I have fallen in love with this actor and I'm not a kid..I'm 58..He's so good..This is another epic love creation with this beautiful, talented "OMG" sexy man. He can tear at your heart with just one look. He is so incredibly talented. In old Hollywood lingo he would be called a "triple threat", meaning he sings, dances and acts like a pure dream. It's really sad that Hollywood today can't deliver talent like this or movies that are such a joy to watch. Wow!
381 positivo  I'm in love!!!! I'm a fan of "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" and I love the actors Shahrukh Khan & Rani Mukherjee. I enjoyed very much "Chalte Chalte". It was so simple and romantic. I love how genuine is the actor Shahrukh Khan. He makes me melt with those beautiful eyes. The movie really made me cry. It was so beautiful. The scenery was breath taking. I think Rani is such a beautiful woman.A very good actress too. I'am looking forward in collecting more movies from India.
382 positivo  Comedy Rules! My twenty-something son requested this for Xmas. He loved it andso does his huge crowd of buddies. It arrived quickly and intop shape. Amazon you are the best!!
383 positivo  Funny People Review FUNNY PEOPLESTARRING: Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, Leslie Mann, Maude Apatow, Iris Apatow, Eric Bana, Jason Schwartzman, Jonah Hill, Aubrey Plaza, RZA, Torsten Voges and Aziz AnsariWRITTEN BY: Judd ApatowDIRECTED BY: Judd ApatowRated: RGenre: Comedy / DramaRelease Date: 31 July 2009I wasn't very enthusiastic when I saw the trailer for Funny People; writer and director Judd Apatow's third film. I loved Knocked Up and The 40-Year-Old Virgin is easily in my top five favorite comedies of all time. Also, I'm huge fans of Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen, so naturally this caught me by surprise.Whoever put together the trailer desperately tried to make it look like as much of a comedy as Apatow's first two films. I wasn't too excited to see the film because I didn't think it looked very funny. It's no wonder the comedic elements seemed scarce - it's more of a drama.One reason I am such a huge fan of Apatow's work, is that his films feel less like movies and more like real life. Nearly every single element of them could actually happen. This all stems from his passion for writing of his own personal experiences. Furthermore, all of his films are consistently relatable to one's own life in one way or another.In addition to his great writing, Apatow is a master at pulling real heartfelt feelings out of his entire cast and displaying them on film. Even when the characters are being funny or crude and vulgar, you can't help but believe this is exactly how they would act if the character were a real person.The movie shows us the dark side of a famous comedian and the rough underbelly of the world of stand-up. It also addresses how fame and fortune won't "keep you warm at night." It's called Funny People and it's about comedians, yes; but I also sense a double meaning in the title as it goes to great lengths to expose how ridiculous people are in general.The story is centered on Adam Sandler's character, George Simmons. George is a huge comedic icon who has made several successful films with other well known celebrities. He lives in a huge mansion in L.A. and has more money than he knows what to do with. Sounds like he has the perfect life, right? Wrong.George finds out within the first five minutes of the film, that he has an illness and doesn't have very long to live. If that's not bad enough, we soon learn he virtually has no-one close to share this information with; no family, no friends, no-one.This is one of Sandler's best performances. There is a scene in about the middle of the film where he breaks down, loses his temper and makes a comment about how he pays for all of these things and none of them work; a play on words about his fame and success and how lonely it is. You really buy that he's a sad man who's made a lot of mistakes and owns them.We are constantly reminded of George's massive fame by all of the movie paraphernalia in the background, and his uncomfortable run-ins with fans. The film is also deliciously scattered with moments of real footage of Sandler's younger years in comedy and we get a few samples of his lyrical talent through humorous songs as well. George constantly makes jokes about how famous he is and how it's his job to entertain the world. However, it is evident that he is not happy with this.Upon hearing the unfortunate news, George decides to get back into stand-up. At a small comedy club, he meets Ira Wright, played magnificently by Seth Rogen.It's not very often that you see a comedian try to be less funny and that's Rogen's task here. He plays a young comedian who thinks he is funnier than he really is and Rogen nails it. He's normally the obnoxious and arrogant stoner who never really grew up and he plays that beautifully too; but here he is a sensitive guy with insecurities and a bitter awkwardness.George sees a bit of himself in Ira and hires him to write jokes for him. Ira's two roommates are funnier and more successful than him, so he jumps at this opportunity. His roommates are played by Jonah Hill and Jason Schwartzman.It's easy to tell that Apatow specifically writes parts for the actors he has in mind and it makes you appreciate the character that much more. The scenes with Ira and his roommates are classic and realistic of how young bachelors can be towards each other.Ira has been looking to further his life and is more than happy to spend less time at home with these two. Soon he and George hit it off and George hires him to be his personal assistant to do all sorts of things in addition to writing. Ira is the only person George can seem to communicate with and soon he lets him in on his secret.At well over two hours, you get a lot more out of a Judd Apatow movie, than you do most comedies. There is plenty of time to get to know all of the characters; especially in the director's cut, available on video. In addition to this, there are several different subplots happening simultaneously.We learn that George did at one time have a love in his life, but she is "the one that got away." Leslie Mann plays George's ex-girlfriend Laura and he finds a way to get back in touch with her after several years. She is now unhappily married to another man who fathered their two kids.Mann and Sandler have great chemistry together, which is understandable as they have known each other for years and worked together in Big Daddy. Their characters hated each other in that film but here they share truly deep feelings that go way-back, and remind us of choices we made in our own pasts.Ira becomes George's wingman as he goes to visit Laura in hopes of winning her back.If you didn't know, Leslie Mann is the wife and mother of Judd Apatow's two kids, who play her kids in this film and in Knocked Up as well. Talent clearly runs through the Apatow family. I wouldn't be surprised if both of their daughters grow up to be stunning actresses just like their mother.Again, because of the real-life chemistry that all of these people have together, it only makes the scenes that much more genuine and enjoyable to watch. I'm sure Seth Rogen has gotten to know the Apatow family over the span of his career as well and Sandler and Apatow have been friends since before either of them became famous. There are some really nice moments in this section of the film and as if things weren't going well enough, they only get more interesting when the husband unexpectedly shows up.Eric Bana delivers one of the best comedic performances I have seen this year as Laura's obnoxious Australian husband, Clarke. You like him but you hate him at the same time. I learned that Bana is a big fan of comedy and did a lot of it in Australia and he has been waiting for the right opportunity to do more. What greater comeback could he have than an Apatow film?Eventually Clarke catches on that George is after his wife and the two get into a hilarious fist fight in the front yard. Sandler delivers one of the film's funniest lines in reference to him not being qualified to fight back because he's a comedian.It's so enjoyable to watch these movies. You laugh until you are blue in the face and you really care about the characters by the end of the film because you are so invested in them.Apatow is an amazing filmmaker. He perfectly maps out each character and every single scene is filled with wit and humor.Whether the movie is about losing your virginity (The 40-Year-Old Virgin) or having a child with the woman you love (Knocked Up) or trying to accept the fact that you let the love of your life slip through your fingers and you may die alone (Funny People); if it's an Apatow film, you know you will laugh and go on an emotional journey with the characters because we can all relate to them as people. Funny, isn't it?
384 neutral  Not Quite So Funny -A backstage look at stand-up comedians: CHECK-References to Delaware: CHECK-Jokes about mainstream teen sitcoms: CHECK-A heart-wrenching look into the lonely life of a celebrity comedian: ...huh?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------When it comes to Adam Sandler starring in his few "dramedies," I usually watch these films like one would watch a Slinky. It seems like it's going to be really entertaining, but ends up a bit anti-climactic. Then you slap yourself in the face for wasting that little bit of time and money in your life. Then, a few years later, you find that Slinky again and say, "Hey, let me give this another shot," but get the same result. Then a few years later...well, you get the picture.So it's been with films like Punch Drunk Love and Click. They were good tries, but something always seemed to go wrong. Click was a little too vanilla, and took itself too seriously. Punch Drunk Love was too hard to follow to complete the full extent of the comedy. And yet, I can't not watch these movies if they randomly come on, whether it be on television or someone's DVD player.So when I heard that Adam Sandler was giving it another try with Funny People, I was a bit excited. I thought, "Finally, he's gonna dooo it!"Sorry.The previews showed the film to be a bit dark, but it was a Judd Apatow movie, complete with Seth Rogen and that fat guy from Superbad. This can't lose.And you know what? It didn't lose.The premise is relatively simple. Adam Sandler plays George Simmons, a stand-up comedian turned Hollywood mega-star. Upon learning that he has a rare and lethal disease, he begins a journey of deterioration to vent about his misfortune, without actually telling anyone about it. This leads to some very dark and unfunny stand-up acts. Seth Rogen plays Ira Wright, a fledgling stand-up comic who does open mic nights and sleeps on the couch of the apartment that he shares with Jason Schwartzman, who broke into Hollywood with a sitcom everyone loves to hate, "Yo Teach," and Jonah Hill, who is on a little higher tier in the comedy world than Ira.Simmons hires Ira as a joke writer and personal assistant, and takes the young comic into the world of celebridom, with all of its quirks. A "bromance" seems to ensue, except on the occasion that Simmons reminds Ira that he just works for him when he's getting really crabby.The story, for the most part, flows fairly well. Those of us not in the limelight are able to perceive what happens behind that bright light that star comedians shine in, for better or for worse. The dramatic intent of Simmons' illness is also very well done. It is because of this foil that we truly care about him and the people he cares about. When we see how lonely Simmons is due to a lack of real relationships with real people, it tugs at the heart-strings. We also see the back-drop of the stand-up comedy world, which helps you appreciate it a little bit more. Granted, it was no Punchline with Tom Hanks, but it was good enough.The problem seems to be the romantic involvement. In the movie, Simmons contacts his old flame Laura, played by Leslie Mann. This in itself is not the problem. It helps steer the drama. The problem is that it drags on way too long. This movie is almost 2-1/2 hours. About 20 minutes could have been cut from the climactic finale of the Simmons/Laura story to keep the audience from falling asleep. Yes, it was that bad. Not bad enough to ruin the movie as a whole, but it sure came close.I think the comedy of the movie suffered because of this drag. Yes, I did laugh at quite a few scenes, but I seemed to have forgotten that I had laughed at all. References to the "Yo Teach" sitcom and the visits to the doctor's office were some of the most memorable.
385 positivo  MUCH SMARTER THAN THE TITLE LEADS YOU TO BELIEVE! I enjoyed 'Funny People' because it wasn't the typical silly comedy that has come out in over abundance lately. The film is much more serious than silly with good performances by all and has a sense of reality and truth throughout the story. Sandler leaves his goofy bag at home and lets his character become a more likeable and interesting person. The film avoids the many pitfalls of such films and leaves you satisfied and wanting more of these types of films. If you're looking for an insightful film with some good laughs, you'll probably like 'Funny People' but it you're looking for the usual Sandler shtick, you might want to pass on this one.
386 positivo  Funny Yet Serious People First of all, the first half of this movie was hilarious but the second half of it went a little out of it's way to be serious. Sandler's character, George, is for the most part, likeable in the first half and you actually start feeling for the guy. The second half you start to realize that George hasn't and won't change his ways. In other words, he's still a jerk. But believe it or not, this doesn't take away from the film too much. Adam Sandler is funny in his first R rated movie since way back in 1996's Bulletproof. Seth Rogen was funny but not as funny as he has been in previous roles. Not to say he didn't do a good job, it's just that that was the price to pay for being behind Adam Sandler. All in all, it's still a hilarious movie and worth a see when and if you have almost three hours to spare.
387 negativo  12 Y/O Potty Humor From 40 somethings does not a comedy make.... Saw this movie and felt compelled to warn people not to waste 144 agonizing minutes of their lives. In a nutshell, I have heard many more clever jokes and "one-liners" watching King of Queens on cable.....SERIOUSLY FOLKS, it's THAT BAD....the bad jokes and the 23 references to small jewish penises got old real quick. Thought i would always be a Sandler fan but he clearly, Adam was in need of some rent money and jumped on this script for the cash and RAN!Why else would the plot line include Seth Rogan writing for him??? To put things into perspective, this film made Bruno look like Casablanca!!
388 negativo  Soooooooooooo NOT Funny This movie was not only NOT funny, but it was excruciatingly boring. I think Adam was channeling the Aristocrats. Whilst Aristocrats was not as funny as it thought itself to be, it was still better than this garbage.
389 positivo  I loved it I really liked this movie. I also loved punch drunk love, another one of Sandler's darker roles. I can't get how some people didn't find this movie funny. One reviewer said "when I do watch something I want it to be worth while" and then goes on to say how he wanted it to be more like 40 yr Old Virgin. No knock to 40yr OV, I liked that movie to, but, I think we must have different definitions of "worth while". This movie is intensely funny, dramatic, sad, silly, complex, vulgar, and the list could go on... It's real life and I loved it.Doesn't hurt either the Leslie Mann is really hot and really funny too.
390 negativo  Totally Unfunny When the film first started playing, my partner and I looked at each other as if to say "What on earth is this?..." but we decided to give it a chance and let it play - for about half an hour before we couldn't bare to watch any more. The title says 'Funny' - it wasn't. The overall cover is totally misleading and gives you the impression it is a funny film by someone who had previously done a funny film - but it was in no way funny at all. The jokes were terrible, the script was terrible. Very disappointing.
391 negativo  Nasty People! Nasty Film! Entertaining in places but spoilt by lots of crudeness and dirty talk that degrades woman. In the end I found nothing memorable or funny about this film. Sad for Adam to seem him in such a trashy film.
392 negativo  zero star those guys ARE OVERATED!! ARE THEY REALLY FUNNY? NOPE. STUDIOS PAY THEM MILLIONS OF DLSS FOR THIS!!! C'MON AMERICA.. WAKE UP!!!
393 negativo  Dramedy This movie was perhaps Adam Sandler's worst effort. He seemed tasked with the burden of playing a man who was apathetic, but he came across as being apathetic about the role. The result was that his performance never engaged viewers to want to pull for him, which made the climax of the film lackluster. It was occasionally funny, considering the title and cast of comedians, who played comedians. The last 45 minutes, the film changes pace entirely, as if it wasn't floundering enough, and drops its attempts at weak comedy to push even weaker drama. Despite all the big names and cameo appearances, the only real stand out was Leslie Mann, who plays Sandler's ex. She was the only lively force in the cast, but sadly, alone she wasn't enough to bring it back into focus. You're not missing a thing.
394 negativo  The Not so Funny People I love Leslie Mann and Eric Bana, but this is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen! It was like 3 or 4 movie/plots/stories put together and just kept climaxing then letting down then rising action again and climax and letting down; over and over! I just kept wondering when it was going to end. I should have walked out like so many others did.Some may like, but it's NOT my cup of tea!
395 negativo  UNFUNNY PEOPLE I used to enjoy Sandler's movies but this one is just....jeez, how to put it? Well, UNFUNNY.All characters are if not stupid, shallow and egotistical...Don't care how 'dramatic' was this supposed to be, his misogynistic prick persona is the worst ever. Just, don't watch it, really...You'll want those minutes from your life back.
396 negativo  What happend Sandler? His movies seem to be going down hill. The only thing i found funny about this movie was Eminem snapping in it. Other then that, it is just not that funny. Dont let it trick you, only see this if its free.
397 negativo  Excruciating! I rented this in a 3 for $10 deal along with Law Abiding Citizen and The Informant. I should have rented a different movie along with Law Abiding Citizen and The Informant because this movie sucks. I'm a big Adam Sandler fan ever since seeing Happy Gilmore and I can't believe he went from that to this garbage. The problem with this movie is that it has too much going to have a consistent plot to it. The talents of Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen are totally wasted here. Jason Schwartzman, who I thought was entertaining in Fantastic Mr. Fox, also has his talent wasted here. The part with him being a TV actor on a show called "Yo Teach!" was laughably bad. Rza does provide some comic relief as Seth Rogen's co-worker at the grocery store deli, but the movie is far too horrible for Rza's comic relief to save this movie. The movie is far too long for a comedy or as I like to call it "dramedy." Up In The Air is not even this long and it's a far better movie than this one. If you want an Adam Sandler movie that's part comedy and part drama, then check out Spanglish. That movie is not your typical Adam Sandler movie and succeeds where this movie fails. There are much better ways to spend 2 and a half hours of your life than watching this disappointing piece of garbage!
398 negativo  Please take the money and send it to Africa instead. I'm a very well versed spectator of all themes of films. This movie is the only one I have never, ever been able to finish in one sitting. This is the God's honest truth, myself and ex wife would put this in the DVD player to watch while falling asleep. That isn't a joke(although funnier than anything this title has to offer) or exaggerated. It is, by leaps and bounds, the worst movie I have ever seen. I enjoy dry and dull humor. Napoleon Dynamite, Grind, even Family Guy allow me to chuckle watching them. After about 20 minutes of "Funny People" I found that I was actually pissed off that I paid for this. It is an attempt to be both humorous and dramatic, yet it fails miserably at both. I'm no movie critic and know they look for different things than I to rate them, however I just can't see how it achieved any good reviews. I would have gotten more enjoyment to take my 20 bucks, change them into ones and start a fire. Instead of wasting a dime on this failure, send the money to someone who can use it. This is the first movie in 25 years I threw in the trash. I didn't even want to give it away for fear the person I gave it to would never talk to me again for punishing them. Bottom line, buy something else. Of the great comedians in this film, none were remotely funny or entertaining. It is almost as if they were bored while filming it.
399 negativo  I wish Adam Sandler wasn't in this. I should have known going into this movie having Judd Apatow a part of it would mean I would hate it. However, having Adam Sandler in it and seeing the previews in the theater we gave it a (very hopeful) chance. The movie loses it's true premise of having depth in amongst the terrible & crude "jokes". I have to say we didn't make it more than 30 minutes into the movie before turning it off. It is a constant barrage of pathetic behavior. I just don't believe that there are this many people out here that are like this and can relate to this behavior. Very Disappointing.
400 neutral  Saga of a Depressed, Lonely Comedian Lacks Punch Despite its title, "Funny People" is not a comedy in the traditional sense. It has some top comedy talent in the persons of Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, and director Judd Apatow ("The 40-Year-Old Virgin" and "Knocked Up"), but the movie looks beneath the veneers of men who make their living doing standup comedy, exposing some darker elements.George Simmons (Sandler) appears to have all that money can buy -- a beautiful home overlooking Los Angeles, a garage full of merchandise he's received free of charge just because he's a celebrity, and a never-ending collection of young women eager to jump into the sack with a star. But George has no significant relationship, no friends, and a rare, life-threatening disease.When he sees aspiring comedian Ira Wright (Rogen) perform at a comedy club, George asks Ira to write him some jokes for an upcoming corporate gig and eventually hires him as his personal assistant, partly as joke writer, partly for company.Though "Funny People" is only his third feature film as writer/director, Apatow has established a trademark of creating natural dialogue and having his actors deliver it effortlessly. His ear for dialogue and flair for inventing colorful supporting characters makes his work stand out.This time around, however, Mr. Apatow has ventured into rough territory with a film about a comedian and his problems that's not very funny. We get glimpses of both Ira and George on stage. While it's understandable that Ira will be rough and unpolished, we expect that George will annihilate the audience with spot-on jokes and observations. This never happens. Instead, Apatow allows Sandler to mutter, utter a few lame gags, and mug as the on-screen audiences guffaw at nothing especially amusing.It's tough to empathize with Sandler's George. He has made his life what it is, becoming wealthy and famous in the process. Faced with the uncertainty of his illness, he mopes around, leaning on Ira in the absence of the usual support system of family and friends. He is desperate to connect, but can't.Mr. Rogen, slimmed down from his earlier movies, plays the struggling artist with integrity, a quality his wide-eyed-innocent face immediately conveys. Ira lives with roommates Mark Taylor Jackson (Jason Schwartzman), currently starring on a hit TV sitcom, and Leon Koenig (Jonah Hill), a sometime standup comic more proficient at making wisecracks with his pals than igniting audience laughter when he's on stage. This is a strange trio: three men living together even though one is being paid handsomely for TV work. But it allows the competitive pals to share their concerns, complain and moan, and air their views on the trials and tribulations of the comedy business. The chemistry among the three actors works well.Two other supporting actors deserve mention. As Chuck, fellow deli counterman at Ira's day job, RZA is very funny as a friend who will attend his coworker's standup gig only if paid to do so. This is a guy with perfect comic timing and a look to match. He's on screen for just one scene, but he steals it.Dr. Lars (Torsten Voges) is George's physician, who must convey sobering news to the comedian and outline the rigorous treatment he must face. As straight man to Sandler, he is a joy to watch, since he gets his laughs by staying in character and letting his appearance and Sandler's barbs create two first-rate scenes.Leslie Mann is on hand as George's former girlfriend, Laura, and Eric Bana plays Clarke, her Australian husband. Ms. Mann is a pleasant, attractive actress but has a tough role here. Married, with two children, her Laura is pitched into a situation of renewed intimacy with George, a development that pretty much sinks the film, reducing it to cliché, predictability, and tedium.I have never been a fan of Adam Sandler's movies. As a sketch comic on "Saturday Night Live," he was wonderful and portrayed many terrific, offbeat characters. But a little of Sandler goes a long way, and when he anchors a feature film, he often overstays his welcome. "Funny People" attempts to modulate his boyish hijinks and have him rise to a level beyond his customary celebration of male immaturity. "Funny People" accomplishes that, but the film itself is unremarkable.Rated R for language and sexual humor, "Funny People" is two hours and sixteen minutes, far too long. Scenes go on too long and several stop the movie dead. There are too many scenes of George hang-dogging it in his lonely hilltop mansion. Had some of these indulgent sequences been replaced with genuinely funny standup routines, the film would let the viewer see and hear the routines that made George Simmons a star.
401 negativo  Its Not What Youre Expecting This movie isn't the straight forward comedy that you've probably been told it is but it's a great flick none the less. The cast is all star as im sure you know. If you are a fan on the SNL group this movie won't leave you disappointed either.The acting can be stiff and some of the sets seem way too fake for a movie of this budget. The script seems like it was written like: guys are hanging out at a cabin (improve dialogue). With that being said just turning a camera on these jokers and filming it should be a national treasure. I'm not sure I'll ever understand the obsession with poop jokes in movies these days but what can you say.Don't skip it due to bad reviews and dont watch it thinking you're going to see an Oscar pic.
402 positivo  serious comedy FUNNY PEOPLE is somewhat compelling and engaging film about a comic with a terminal illness that almost kills him and destroys his lifestyle and how he fights it and comesback to enjoy life,his friends and a beautifull woman he meets.
403 negativo  Long, somewhat dull and unfocused This is not a typical Adam Sandler movie, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but it kind of is here. First of all it's not funny. It's about "comedy" but I wouldn't consider the movie itself to be a comedy, although there are a few funny things in it I suppose. This movie seems like it's all over the place. It has a long runtime but it doesnt really accomplish much. Some people might like the story, but it was pretty dull to me.
404 positivo  This movie is great Best depiction of comedian life I've seen. Its not a funny movie and I think everyone should watch it that's ever met a comedian and asked them to do something funny on the spot.
405 negativo  Not an Adam Sandler fan but... First of all, I am not a fan of Adam Sandler movies. However, I saw the beginning of the movie on cable and it seemed like a good movie so I rented it. It had its moments in the beginning but started to lose steam halfway through the movie.
406 positivo  Sandler's best movie This is a hilarious movie with a great message. This is definitely Adam Sandler's best movie ever. This is a must see! Great actors funny and touching with a great message.
407 positivo  Movie tells a great story Yes I agree the actual jokes they use as stand up are pretty lame, but the actual story is great there is some funny parts but for the most its a good movie.
408 positivo  Great Movie, Great Cast! This was an excellent movie. The right balance of funny and feeling. And SO many cameos. Worth watching for the surprises alone.
409 positivo  Far better than it's reputation, and well worth a look Intelligent, funny, sad, real, with a terrific dramatic performance by Adam Sandler.For a lot of it's length I thought it would be a truly great film, but some clunky, almostsit-com plot turns in the last 1/4, a little too much length, and not-quite-there supportingperformances in key roles hold it back and keep it a very good movie, not a great one.None-the-less, far better than the often cold response in got in most of the mainstream press.
410 positivo  Apatow's Depth Triumphs I am a stand-up fanatic. I enjoy the alternative comedians and the culture that have been cultivating in NY and LA lately. I consume the content of stand-ups like C.K., Cross, Tompkins, Glass, Jeselnik, Ansari, Posehn, Miller, and Holmes-to name a few. If you lean that way in your comedy preferences then my review will likely be applicable to you.I love this movie. You must go into it not knowing what to expect i.e. don't assume you know the movie will have the same feeling as knocked up. The characters are hilarious in their struggles and their actors are superb. Great director, great cast, and a hell of an perspective on alternative comedy.Lastly, buy the collector's edition. The bonus features are endless! If the film brings you down and you consequently reflect negatively on yourself, worry not, the second disc will right you. Just read the disc content and you'll be sold. Enough said.
411 positivo  The Marketing was Wrong, but the Film is so RIGHT This film was really a drama, so, if you go in with the mindset that you are watching a drama, this film will blow you away.However, if you go into this film thinking it will be like 40-yr old Virgin or Hangover, then you will be disappointed (which is where all the low rated reviews come from).This film does a great job of showing us the life of a Comedian/Actor who is dying from an illness.The film has a whole lot of levels going on which is over the head of most of the people who rated the film low.It is a comedic form of the movie Inception. You have actors playing comedians who have dual lives where they alternate from being "on" and "off"....The problem is most people have a misconception of how comedians live their real lives.Anyways, great movie. Go in with the mindset that you are watching a drama and this movie will blow you away.enjoyamnightus
412 neutral  Flawed and Meandering Yet Still a Worthwhile Look Inside a Stand-Up Comic's Mind The psyche of the stand-up comedian is the subject of Judd Apatow's third and most ambitious directorial effort, but the elliptical, rather skewed characters that inhabit this serious-minded 2009 comedy obscure the personal revelations that he ironically attempts to mine. In certain ways, it's a dramatically audacious film, yet in others, Apatow comes back to the comfortably off-kilter humor of his previous ensemble efforts,The 40-Year-Old VirginandKnocked Up. Sometimes the balance feels very off here, primarily because the protagonist is so hard to read from the outside. It was inevitable that the director cast his former roommate Adam Sandler as George Simmons, a comic who has become a major movie star based on the type of juvenilia he constantly ridicules. Sandler accurately captures both the demented comedy mind and the innate cruelty that keeps everyone at arm's length. It's a tricky part that has quite a few autobiographical elements for both director and star, but he plays it with melancholic deftness.The meandering plot begins with George receiving bad news. He finds out he's dying of a rare blood disease and recognizes a need to reassess his priorities. George spots a struggling young comic, Ira Wright, at a local comedy club and hires him to write material and become his gopher. They bond quickly, and Ira becomes George's confidant, the only one who knows of his fatal diagnosis. Ira also has two roommates, another stand-up comic and an actor who has already caught his break starring as a teacher in a high school-set sitcom. Both become envious of Ira's budding relationship with George. Meanwhile, an old flame reenters George's life, Laura, a former actress who has turned into a suburbanite married to an Aussie exporter and raising two daughters in Marin County. Sparks are rekindled, and relationships start to get messy all around. As both writer and director, Apatow handles the situations dexterously but excessively. The film runs on far too long at a marathon 153 minutes and then simply trails off.Newly trimmed down, Apatow protégé Seth Rogen plays his familiar dweebish persona as Ira, although he brings more depth to his submissive character with each humiliating act. Leslie Mann, Apatow's wife, has been promoted to leading lady this time as Laura, and she excels with her endearingly brittle style. In another justified act of nepotism, the director recruited their children to play the two precocious daughters. Jonah Hill and Jason Schwartzman play the roommates with their usual deadpan aplomb. The film's biggest surprise is the usually dour Eric Bana (Munich) lightening up quite a bit as Laura's suspicious husband. Cameos from well-known comics (Ray Romano, Andy Dick, Paul Reiser, Sarah Silverman, etc.) and even comic turns from the likes of Eminem and James Taylor are sprinkled throughout to give the film an air of Hollywood-style realism. The esteemed cinematographer Janusz Kaminski (Saving Private Ryan,Schindler's List) provides the film a bright, sharp look throughout.The two-disc 2009 DVD set smacks of overkill, but there are highlights to consider, chief among them the amusing commentary from Apatow, Sandler, and Rogen, in which they hilariously separate fact from fiction. The first disc also contains a four-minute gag reel. Disc Two contains 21 minutes of deleted scenes; six extended and alternate scenes; another gag reel; and a line-o-rama, a standard extra on Apatow's DVDs where the actors riff on the same lines for maximum comic effect. A lengthy, one-hour-plus video diary from the director is the centerpiece of Disc Two. Other featurettes center on Aziz Ansari's obnoxious stand-up comic; archival footage of Sandler and a thirteen-year-old Rogen; and a faux-documentary on George Simmons' film career. There are also music clips from Taylor, as well as Sandler performing with musician Jon Brion.
413 neutral  Jake LaMotta would've made a hell of a comedian Judd Apatow's Funny People is going to divide audiences (it certainly has divided critics). Those going in expecting a comedy along the lines of The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Knocked Up or any other of the films in the Apatow-verse will enjoy it but not love it. But that reaction may be more a product of the misdirection in the marketing of the film than anything else. Funny People is going for something more emotionally complex, and it succeeds on that count.Without dwelling on plot, the film focuses, by and large, on the professional and personal lives of a group of comics and comic actors at various rungs of the show business ladder, from Adam Sandler's George Simmons, a hugely successful film comedy star who came out of the stand-up comedy world, to Seth Rogan's Ira Wright, a novice comic who is drawn into George's world, to Ira's friends, who are his roommates, who are his competitors.The common thread running through these characters is anger and aggression, both explicit and sublimated. They steal jokes, jobs and women from each other (listed here in order of importance to the comics). The relationship between the performers and their audiences is similarly complicated (it's become a cliched observation that comics talk about "killing" the crowd).Interestingly, although all the comedians share this anger and aggression, it's only those who ride those dark emotions into similarly dark comedy that have preserved their spark. The farther the comics stray from their anger, the worse their comedy - as evidenced by Sandler's character, who churns out family-friendly claptrap and co-star Jason Schwartzman's Yo, Teach!, a self-important sitcom (both brilliantly captured in clips woven into Funny People).In Funny People, comedy is the universal language by which these emotionally-constricted characters communicate. There are awkward hugs and half-hearted attempts at compassion, but the most tender moment, coming late in the film, involves one character expressing love by writing jokes for another.All this aside, I don't want to lose sight of the fact that this is a funny, entertaining, emotionally-involving film. But that said, in an odd way, Funny People echoes Martin Scorsese's Raging Bull. Both films are about angry and aggressive people who channel those drives in socially acceptable ways. (Even more oddly, Billy Crystal's horrific and mawkish Mr. Saturday Night attempted more overtly to be the Raging Bull of comedy, and the less said about that effort the better.)It wasn't until the ride home from the movie that it occurred to me that the "funny" in the title Funny People could have two meanings; there's funny ha-ha, and funny-odd. Here, the people are intentionally, compellingly both.
414 positivo  Oh 3.5 to 4 stars. Funny people is not for everyone. It's the story of a friendship between a hugely successful comic that hates what he has become and the bright eyed and bushytailed novice comic that he hires as an assistant. I liked the leisurely pace and low key nature of it. It was sort of a comedy that didn't have any big laughs to it but left me with a sort of pleasant introspection. It was a good story and wasn't as crude as these movies often are. Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill all did fine jobs as did the all the actors playing Adam Sandler's ex girl friend and the rest of her family. Very touching in parts. If this film was to be graded - I'd give it a solid B. On the other hand - many of my friends and acquaintences would hate it. Their loss.
415 positivo  Flawed, but still a misunderstood and underappreciated film. The movie Funny People has baffled many of Sandler and Apatow's fans because it's very different from each man's respective work. But that doesn't mean that the film is weaker by any means. Yes, the film is flawed, it's too long, and draggy in parts. The last 45 to 60 minutes seem disjointed, compared to the first half of the film that focuses on Sandler's relationship with Ira, Seth Rogen's character.But it's also a very clever blend of comedy and drama, which is very difficult to put together in most contemporary films. I really believe this is Sandler's best role, a mature man filled with loneliness and regret. It's an honest examination of how far a man will go to correct all of the mistakes he's made in his life.Sandler is the star of the show, and anyone expecting the caricature that Dennis Dugan has created of Sandler should walk away. Sandler isn't doing Billy Madison, or Little Nicky here. This is Sandler playing a comedian with more depth.The relationship between Sandler and Rogen is explored really well. Of course, I would rather see Apatow focus the whole movie on their relationship, rather than his relationship with Leslie Mann, but at least you can't fault Apatow for his ambitious vision.The film bites off more than it can chew, but I really do believe it's one of the best comedies of the decade, and the highlight of Sandler's career.
416 positivo  Apatow's most mature effort... ... and perhaps that's what made it unpalatable to many of his fans. Characters are extremely well-developed (AND portrayed), there is more heart underneath the expected "potty humor..." if Mr. Apatow continues to grow as a writer, I'll continue to watch his movies.
417 negativo  WHICH JOKE DID YOU FIND FUNNY? Adam Sadler plays an unlikable comedian, George Simmons, who finds out he may be terminal with AML and tries an experimental drug. He decides to do stand up again when he meets comedian wanna-be Ira Wright (Seth Rogen) attempting stand-up. Sadler is impressed by Ira and hires him to write jokes and to be his personal go-fer. Ira finds out about the illness and convinces George to tell his family and friends about it. George plays the death card to patch up relationships, then suddenly he isn't going to die anymore. George re-examines his life, but even at mid-life he is still an immature a-hole. Everyone has sex but Ira, which seems to be a sad joke.I found the jokes and humor to be at best, lame. The language was crude and sexual. Brief nudity. Perhaps what is best about the movie is that it makes sit-coms look really lame. If you think a guy saying "tweet" over and over again, spinning around in a circle is funny, then this movie is for you.
418 positivo  Underrated This is by far Judd Apatow's most underrated movie. I think that most people went into it expecting the typical Apatow fare, but were disappointed when they realized it was one of the filmmaker's more mature efforts. The film has its share of laughs, as well as moments of sincere drama. Just put yourself in that mindset, and you'll really enjoy this movie.
419 positivo  Decent movie I'm surprised at how much I liked this movie. Adam Sandler plays a more serious/subdued role here (though the film certainly is not without its funny parts!) it is of a more mature tack than some of Sandl3er's other films, especially You Don't Mess with the Zohan') If you like Sandler, you should enjoy this film, even though it is a little different from his usual work.
420 positivo  There's a Good Movie in There Somewhere I feel this film is very misunderstood, people saw Seth Rogen, Adam Sandler and Judd Apatow's name on this project and immediately expected a "rolling in the aisle" comedy, when really this movie is more about life than comedy. Now what I will say is the runtime is a bit extensive and the ending gets monotonous, I would have shaved 20 - 40 minutes off, but what I think people don't like the most about the film is how real the picture is. A lot of people went into the movie thinking "I'm gonna get to watch a hilarious comedy with some of the funniest people in the business" when the film is just too real for that. Truly brilliant comedy does shine through, even from a somewhat cameo by Eric Bana (who spent the first 10 years of his career as a comedian), throwing in Bana was kind of a cool nod to the reference of him in Knocked Up "If any of us get laid tonight it's because of Eric Bana". But one of the things I enjoyed most was the whole life of a stand-up comedian from the big time to the small time, not to mention all the actors used we're real comedians. Also Sandler's character (really just playing himself almost parodying his recent terrible movies) has a ridiculously awesome house.
421 positivo  Far better than its reputation, and well worth a look Intelligent, funny, sad, real, with a terrific dramatic performance by Adam Sandler.For a lot of it's length I thought it would be a truly great film, but some clunky, almostsit-com plot turns in the last 1/4, a little too much length, and not-quite-there supportingperformances in key roles hold it back and keep it a very good movie, not a great one.None-the-less, far better than the often cold response in got in most of the mainstream press.
422 neutral  "Funny People" has a poignant strong beginning and then turns into something completely different in the second act Length:: 6:20 MinsFunny People is really two movies -- One about Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen....and the other about trying to get back Leslie Mann and a whole bunch of extra drama. The story between the two guys is great, the other story takes away from the first.[...]
423 positivo  Authentic Suprisingly good movie. One point off for being too long, as other reviewers have cited. But I loved the authenticity of this film. I knew well enough in advance that it wasn't a LOL comedy per se, nor was it intended to be. But it felt very "real." The walk up Runyon Canyon, for example. Want to know how many wanna be actors and comedians trek up that path and contemplate the pain of life? A lot!I have to believe this was a tough role for Adam Sandler, and it was nice to see him put himself out there. If you doubt that he did that, look at his facial expressions. Well done, and I liked the cinematography as well. Finally, some insanely good cameos, with Eminem's perhaps being the finest cameo moment of all.
424 negativo  Starts out with promise, but then goes downhill. Too bad Adam Sandler could not have been given a better script. Funny People starts with promise as a Jim Carrey Man on the Moon type film and then drifts oddly into some sort of romantic comedy with repetitive c**k jokes. There are two movies here made from what seems like two first drafts. Maybe it is a marketing problem. Or, maybe just lazy writing. Sandler does a great job showing off the dark side of a comedian. Maybe Funny People would have been better as a straight drama.
425 negativo  Not so Funny people! Wow, I usually like Adam Sandler & Judd Apatow/Seth Rogen films but this one came and left the theaters before I could get a chance to see it. I don't think I laughed once during the entire movie. Not even a chuckle. It seems as if no one was having any fun making this film. The unnecessary over the top crudeness of Apatow's ensemble doesn't seem to work with Sandler's schtick. I loved "Knocked Up" and "40 Year Old Virgin" but there doesn't seem to bee much chemistry with this group. I was waiting for "Bruno" to show up and throw in some more unnecessary genital conversation. I almost bought this, I'm so glad I only rented it.
426 negativo  Har Har ........not funny What we have here is a pretty good movie for what it is. But do we want to seea unfunny Adam Sandlers, that what we get here. I think Adam might be going inthe right direction with more serious acting, but calling this movie Funnypeople, you expect a movie to be more funny.Seth Rogen is quite a character, him and his friends do add some characterto this movie. But by the end, it felt like i just finished a TV movie without the commercials....So for what it is, its good, but not a keeper.
427 positivo  Good, good movie This is a very impressive movie, combining humor with a very realistic exploration of - yes - people. It is a very healing movie, which is appropriate to the plot but in a very unexpected way. Nicely done, well worth it.
428 positivo  Apatow's Third Movie Proves To Be Polarizing The last few projects from writer/director/producer/comedy guru Judd Apatow (Knocked Up, The 40-Year-Old Virgin) have been well-received by critics and audiences alike. Funny People is a bit of a departure from the formula established in the other two movies directed by Apatow. The end result is his most polarizing movie yet.Adam Sandler (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison) stars as George Simmons. Simmons is a hugely successful comedian and actor who receives some bleak medical news early in the movie. This role was written with Sandler in mind, and his own film career somewhat parallels that of this character. After getting the bad news from his physician Simmons realizes that the last several years of his career have been incredibly unfulfilling.Seth Rogen (Pineapple Express, Observe and Report) is Ira Wright, a struggling comedian Simmons takes on as his assistant. Rogen lives with Leo and Mark, played by Jonah Hill (Superbad, The Invention of Lying) and Jason Schwartzman (Bored to Death, I Heart Huckabees) in excellent supporting roles. Schwartzman's narcissistic D-level actor who is very proud of his starring role in the hilariously awful Yo Teach...! steals every scene he is in. Aubrey Plaza (Parks and Recreation, Mystery Team) is underused as a love interest for Wright. Aziz Ansari Parks and Recreation, I Love You, Man) shines as Randy, the hyperactive, raunchy comic who actually has a feature length film in development with Apatow. The supporting cast is definitely a strong point of this movie.This movie runs about 25 minutes too long, which is a real shame because it does a lot of things really well. Simmons and Wright go on a road trip to visit Simmons' ex-girlfriend who he still has feelings for. Apatow's wife Leslie Mann (17 Again, Knocked Up) plays Laura, and Apatow's two daughters play Laura's children. This entire final portion of the movie feels a bit like a tacked-on Apatow family showcase. Having said that, Eric Bana (The Time Traveler's Wife, Munich) plays Laura's Australian husband, and he does not disappoint in this rare chance to display his comedic chops.This release is loaded with special features. An unrated, extended cut of the movie is included along with the theatrical release. The unrated cut just extends some scenes and is entertaining but not too much of a departure from the theatrical release. It runs seven minutes longer than the original version. Two gag reels, deleted and alternate scenes, and a commentary featuring Apatow, Sandler, and Rogen are all included. Additionally, a feature called Line-O-Rama is outstanding as it features some of the movie's funniest scenes, with the actors ad-libbing punch lines rapid fire. There are four documentaries in this release, one of them chronicling the career of the fictional comedian Randy, played by Ansari. Another documentary is about Apatow's high school radio show that featured interviews with many famous comedians. The Funny People Diaries is a four-part documentary which delves into the filmmaking process.Funny People is a very polarizing movie. People I have talked to who saw the movie in theaters either love it or really dislike it. It has real characters and an engaging plot. Watching Simmons' relationship with Wright blossom over the course of the movie as he comes to terms with his own mortality is a real treat. Sandler hasn't looked this good in years. While full of humorous moments, it lacks some of the over-the-top hilarious moments that Apatow fans may have come to expect from his movies. However, this movie is extremely honest, and that is becoming more and more of a rare commodity.
429 negativo  Some decent moments, but Apatow's pony needs a new trick Not sure if Apatow is trying to be the next Woody Allen in using the same ensemble players movie after movie, but it's getting old. Same actors, same basic jokes, and even when Apatow tries to switch things into serious mode, as here, it all feels overly familiar.Rogen is likeable as always, as is Sandler, even when being a "mean" guy. Kinda hard to get involved with any of these characters, though. I did think this movie is made as much for other stand-ups as it was for the general public, so some of the inside stuff might be funnier than it seems. So, that's great for Apatow's pals' enjoyment, but reaction from the money-paying public to this flick is mixed at best, and I'd have to agree. Some funny moments make it worth watching, but in general it's too long and too scattershot. It's fine to try to dig deeper than the predictably successful Apatow semi-tripe, but it just doesn't add up to any sort of fulfillment here. But when you're making that much cash for everyone, they no doubt line up to lick your latest script.The best part is Eric Bana's brief turn; he's funny as hell here and reminds one how much fun a great performance can deliver. Sadly, he's the only real highlight. The lowlight was Apatow using his own kids and making us listen to one of them butcher "Memories"; clearly he's a proud Dad, but please. Puh-leeze! Is this a harbinger? If so, it was a great run, but you are now the Hollywood cliche you've made a fortune mocking, Judd.In short: worth seeing if you love these actors, otherwise, plenty of other films are worthier of your time.
430 neutral  "Funny" isn't the right word My wife and I watched Funny People tonight on PPV. It was better than I expected. Back when it was in the theaters, I joked on Twitter that it should be called "Funny" People. While the observation underlying this criticism is indeed correct - that is, a dramatic representation of comedians misses the mark when the comedians fail to say things that actually make people laugh - there were enough dick jokes to give the story some verisimilitude. The only truly funny person in the movie is Jonah Hill, and following his character would have been way funnier than observing the golly-gee-shucks Seth Rogin be the bitch of the I-hate-everything Adam Sandler. Aziz Ansari is in it as well, and he plays a stand-up, but he doesn't do anything than anyone else couldn't have done. Also, Jason Schwartzman plays a womanizing sitcom actor; I think that he has forgotten that he got famous by playing Max Fisher and instead he thinks that he was Jordan Catalano.The business about Adam Sandler's character being diagnosed with a terminal illness left me neither shaken nor stirred. It might be that he is too abrasive to elicit sympathy, or, more likely, his wealth, which the movie showcases gregariously, makes it impossible for the audience to really pity him, no matter how much his character is desensitized to how awesome it is to be rich and famous. His wealth and his fame - and the women that wealth and fame get him - form the basis of Seth Rogin's character's admiration of him, which is sad, because I would hope that an aspiring stand-up would seek to emulate a comic celebrity because that celebrity is particularly funny, not because he has a big house, a fancy pool, and extra televisions on the wall (BTW: Is this something that people are doing now? Are they putting three or more televisions up on their living room walls? This movie is the first time I've seen this phenomenon, except, of course, for Back to the Future 2). Still, despite whatever down side there might be, being rich and famous is just great. I don't care what this movie says.The part of the plot that matters is the relationship between Adam Sandler's character and Leslie Mann's character. Long story short, they used to be in love, but, after he cheated on her, they went their separate ways, and she went on to get married and have a couple of kids (played by Apatow's and Mann's real-life daughters). Early on, we learn that they are still in love. Thus, the real tension of the movie is whether or not these two characters will end up together - that is, whether or not Mann will leave her husband for Sandler. - spoiler alert - She doesn't, and I'm glad she doesn't. The main message of the movie, then, is that past relationships, while they are important in shaping our present selves, and while they are sometimes heart-warming to reminisce about, must remain in the past. There is no future for past relationships, and that is how it should be.The other nice aspect of the plot is the gradual growth of Seth Rogin's character, as he loses his golly-gee-shucks admiration for Sandler's character, and he eventually learns to see people as people and to stop feeling starstruck, subservient, and second class.Compare this film to the documentary The Comedians of Comedy, and you'll see clearly that Rogin and Sandler are merely actors. The movie suffers from the same problem that undid Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip. Namely, you can't use exposition to tell an audience that someone is funny; the person has to actually be funny.Lastly, the movie is quite long. I've not checked to see exactly how long it is, but it definitely feels long. I credit the movie's length to something I call "The Rowling Effect": when an author is just starting out he or she is heavily edited, but, after the author gets famous, he or she can go on and on interminably (that's why the Harry Potter books got progressively longer and longer). Similarly, now that Judd Apatow is well-known, there's nothing to stop him from cramming everything into a movie that he wants to cram into it.
431 positivo  what's not funny can kill you! One of the best surprises of 2009 is this beautifully written character study of comedians with subtle but realistic humour and original narrative. The Blu-ray transfer is gorgeous, which is very important because the producers have taken great lenghts to photograph the film in a very cinematic way. This is not a typical script with predictable motivations and predictable story development, it has an original voice and at 2 and a half hours, it takes itself quite seriously.I don't give away plot points in my reviews, I just share key factors of the films' strengths, as per example the way it's filmed and the way the story is told. Funny People succeeds on all counts and at the same time is one of the most entertaining films you'll ever see! This is a journey worth taking in the world of movie-making and definitely Adam Sandler's best performance and the most interesting character he's ever played since the film SPANGLISH. Also a very juicy part for Eric Bana in a supporting role that he conveys with great energy and will be remembered for years.
432 neutral  Funny People Isn't Very Funny...But It's Still a Good Movie. Funny People wasn't very funny and in the moments when it was funny it was funny in an awkward, uncomfortable, squirm-in-your-seat sort of way. However, what the movie lacked in humour it made up for it with intriguing characters, a twisted plot, and a touching drama.The story of a comedian facing his demise is something of a cruel joke and Adam Sandler plays the character well. He alternates between being a great, friendly, likeable guy and a disenchanted, grumpy jerk. I think this is one of Adam Sandler's best and most complex roles sincePunch-Drunk Love (Two Disc Special Edition) (Superbit Collection). Seth Rogen and Leslie Mann also deliver great supporting roles to help flesh out the movie. The bit part played by Jonah Hill is also endearing.While Funny People makes an interesting drama it starts to drag its heels towards the end and the movie could've probably been twenty minutes shorter and just as good. The amount of the time and the depth dedicated to the romantic subplot between Leslie Mann's character and Eric Bana's character is a bit unnecessary. I get that they're married and that it poses a problem, but I don't need the details and those details didn't add much, if anything, to the movie. (And frankly, it couldn't have been that important to the movie since I don't even remember those characters' names.) The movie is best at the beginning and when it sticks to the main storyline of George's eventual demise.I'd recommend this film to Adam Sandler and Judd Apatow fans as well as viewers who enjoy dramas. If you're looking for laugh-out-loud moments and non-stop jokes, this isn't the movie for you. But if you're a fan of films likeJuno (Single-Disc Edition)and other uncomfortably-awkward movies, this might just be the movie you need to watch.I was happy this movie was a rental and not one I had purchased. It's not something I'd enjoy watching repeatedly, or pull out again on a sick day to watch, but it is worth renting and watching once.
433 negativo  Interesting but... Too many dick jokes and it was too long. But like Entourage, it was interesting to see what life is like for a celebrity. We always think that people who are rich and famous have it all but clearly, that's not true.
434 neutral  Obviously, not Adam Sandler's best An acceptable movie, with some good moments by Adam Sandler, and some of the other new American comedy guys; but very far from his really "funny people" involved movies, like "ANGER MANAGEMENT" (with Jack Nicholson) or the hilarious "LITTLE NICKY".
435 neutral  Average Comedy This movie is definately funny but it's also nothing special. I'm getting tired of seeing the same actors in so many flicks. It seems like Seth Rogen and the fat guy from Superbad are in everything. This movie is about a famous standup comdedian (Adam Sandler)who finds out that he's dying. One night he goes out to a club and meets a young comic (Seth Rogan) and hires him to write jokes for him. It's hard to make a movie about death funny but they did. This movie has some really funny moments. However,It's missing that old Adam Sandler charm. Yes, this one is worth renting, but die hard Adam Sandler fans might be a little dissapointed.
436 negativo  Not what I expected... I seriously did not expect a dramatic look into the mind of a comedian when I rented this movie. They marketed this movie like the Forty Year Old Virigin and Knocked Up! When I rented the movie I expected a lot of humour and with so many funny actors I put way too much faith in it. My wife and I was so disappointed that we stopped watching it. I don't watch a lot of TV, but when I do watch something I want it to be worth while.If you're into these artsy films about the serious life of people in the spotlight, then you're going to like this film. However, if you're looking for humour like Adam Sandler's previous films (i.e. Happy Gilmore, etc) then you can forget about it.I give this film 1 star because this is not my kind of movie and it was advertised like a great comedy film not drama film. :/
437 negativo  I've Never Hated an Adam Sandler Movie Until Now After I had accepted the fact that this wasn't a comedy movie halfway through the movie, I kept asking myself, 'why do I still hate this movie?' Here's why:Who is the protagonist? Adam Sandler? I'm so rich - waaaaah! I'm going to die - waaaaaah! Nobody loves me - double waaaaah! He isn't a very likable from the beginning of the movie or the end, or anywhere between that two-and-a-half hour window. Or is the protagonist Seth Rogen? He comes off as a sweet and sensitive characterIf this wasn't a comedy movie, then what's the take home message? How someone would think and act differently facing their upcoming mortality? That concept has been beaten to death by books, Reader's Digest articles, bumper stickers (today is the first day of the rest of your life), and yes, other movies!!! If you are interested in more of this concept, I recommend The Bucket List, Running Out of Time, or Rudy for god's sakes!Nobody learns anything. There was no character development from anybody. Adam Sandler's character learns something in the last 2 minutes of the movie, but his "revelation" was so blatant and unprofound that nobody cares, not even Adam Sandler and definitely not me.
438 negativo  Couldn't give it less than one star....or i would've!!!! Not much to say about this movie...i am a huge Adam Sandler fan, and i love him in anything....but this movie was looooong and booooring!!! The comedy skits in the movie weren't funny...at all...i guess if you enjoy hearing about masturbating...cocks...and farting....you would like it. Like i said, not much to say....i paid to watch it on my Suddenlink Direct Demand and i wish i could have my 3.99 back!!!!
439 negativo  Worst movie I've ever seen This movie was HORRIBLE! I don't know how anyone could give it 5 stars. This movie was the worst 2 hours of my life. I expected more out of an Adam Sandler movie. I felt like I was watching 2 movies at once. Any time someone asks me about this movie I tell them it's a waste and to rent something else.
440 negativo  Not Sandlers best. I guess I just look for Sandlers movies to be a bit better but this one to me just fell short.Some of it was funny but overall I just found it all lacking.
441 negativo  worst film ever I saw this movie with my friend a couple of days ago. i said to her, this is real stupid, i could stop watching it right now and i could care less about the ending. She said, "we saw this movie already" and she is telling me what happens next so we start getting into an argument, she claims WE saw it and i said, Vat ? i am getting alzheimers?Finally we figured it out. we started to watch this movie together about 3 months ago and i lost interest and i zonked out.adam sandler and all the whos who in jewish comedy were funny in other movies. but this one really eats the bird!skip it!!!!!!!!!!!
442 negativo  The L O N G E S T movie... EVER! Anything with Adam Sandler in it is supposed to be funny. This however, just, well, wasn't. I really do believe that this movie had potential, but there was so much going on, so many stories within the story, that they could have made 3 movies out of it.It's 2 and a half hours long. That's about an hour and a half too long for the main story plot. This movie honestly seemed longer than Titanic, or Gone With The Wind because it is so long and drawn out.There is very little humor in Funny People. The only good thing about it is all the major stars that pop up here and there, which is probably why, in my opinion at least, that this movie even made it to the big screen and didn't go straight to DVD.
443 negativo  Unfunny People After screening about twenty minutes of this thing on my 60-inch plasma, I realized the TV had been irretrievably compromised by having this filth routed through it, so I had to lay my TV gently on the den floor and then smother it with a pillow.This movie should have been entitled Revolting People Who Are Not in the Least Bit Funny. The movie is pathologically unfunny. It is so unfunny, it is very hard to tell where the humor is supposed to lie. Instead, the movie is a bleak yarn about stand-up comedians whose material is... supposed to be funny, apparently, judging by title and by the tittering of the comedy audiences in the movie, who constitute a kind of living laugh track. But I cannot begin to fathom what is supposed to be funny about this material. "If the guy from MySpace (big MySpace logo in background, clearly a product placement) and the guy from Craigslist got in a fight, I wonder who'd win." This is one of the "jokes" in the movie that is supposed to be funny. Then James Taylor features in the movie as a kind of commercial for himself, to no purpose whatsoever. The only way I could make sense of this movie is as an anti-comedy: a movie that is supposed to be funny only because it is so completely unfunny. However, this subtle type of humor is rarely intentionally perpetrated. But if you want some genuine anti-comedy stand up material, here it is:(COMEDIAN GETS UP ON STAGE, COMES TENTATIVELY TO MICROPHONE) "Uhh... hi. The um, the scheduled comedian is stuck in traffic and he sent me over here to fill in for him till he gets here." (LOOKS NERVOUS, CONSULTS PIECE OF PAPER, SAYS TREMULOUSLY) "So uhhh... he emailed me some of his material and I'll ask you to bear with me while I get through it the best I can... (SQUINTS) But it's kind of hard to read. My printer is low on toner. I don't know if you've noticed, but Brother printers seem to eat toner. For a couple years I had an Epson, which somehow lasted a lot longer on a single toner cartridge... though I might have been using it on the low-toner setting... I'm not quite sure. You know how you can set the printer, through the computer, to be in toner-saver mode? I think I might have done that with that other one... I don't know why I've never bothered to do that with the printer I have now but umm... Anyway, let's get started on some of this material and hopefully we can work through about half of it before Joe gets here. But (CONSULTS WATCH) since I've been talking I see about five minutes have elapsed and so I'd better go through the material at about one and a half times normal speed in order to catch up... but then, that might not be very funny... on the other hand it might make it funnier... show of hands, who out there thinks that speeding things up makes them funnier? C'mon now... okay, one... two... three... only three people? Okay, well, I guess I could ask now who DOESN'T think speeding things up makes them funnier... but then I already know the answer, don't I? I mean I could just subtract three from the total number of people in the room... but then I suppose some people might not have an opinion one way or the other and so that approach might not work. (CELL PHONE RINGS) Oh... could you... could you excuse me a moment? I've GOTTA get this... Hello? (LOWERS VOICE TO AN ANGUISHED, HISSING WHISPER) Where ARE you?! ... You're, you're goddam right I'm filling in for you, I'm onstage right now. That's right. Right now. I am standing in front of the audience. How's it going?! Well it's not going too well. Because they're not laughing."Apatow's movie, on the other hand, completely fails to accomplish anything in the humor or anti-humor department. Instead it just makes you grim, grimmer than a holocaust documentary. Grimmer than Grey Gardens.
444 negativo  profanity the movie!!! or profanity and the degenerates.!!! i cannot believe that an intelligent actor like adam sandler would degrade himself by acting in a degenerate , trailer trash movie like this,but i guess money makes some people do things that are beneath them. this movie is as funny as a sewer, all it is comprised of is endless and pointless profanity,virtually ever second word. the writer who has very little ,if not any intelligents, has substituted profanity for lack of intelligent writing.is the endless profanity suppose to make the male lead charactors appear more manly?. yes it is true that quentin tarantino movies has there fair share of profanity. however his movies use of profanity is justified as it is incorporated with intelligent writing. if you have very little or no intelligents or are a degenerate and trailer trash this movie will appeal to you.
445 negativo  Seth Kept this movie from getting a 'ZERO' star rating!! A truly great example - of how terrible some movies have become!! Vulgar!! Offensive. Unnessisary nudity!! I usually love Adam Sandler - and can't believe he'd stoop so low in this role. Seth is highly likeable in this - but still swears and lowers himself as well. The woman who plays Adams 'romantic interest' is mostly great - but also stoops to swearing - blantant sexuality. The writing is the worst in this movie. This awful movie is 2 hours and 22 minutes long - but only feels like 5 hours. - And I could have spent my life doing something more interesting and exciting like watching paint dry or grass grow. I suggest skipping this movie altogether!! Tragic where movies have gone to. Much has been lost!!Scott MacNeil - comedian.
446 negativo  Stupid.... Honestly if you don want to hear a lot of swearing you wont like this. Let alone the story line was ridiculous. Wouldn't recommend!
447 negativo  not for everyone, and that's a fact Funny People HAS to be the strangest movie Adam Sandler ever starred in. It's also one of the most vulgar films in the ever growing long list of Sandler movies.I swear the entire first half of Funny People had absolutely no storyline whatsoever. Even the way the film begins is honestly just a bunch of pointless nonsense. It consists of nothing but highly offensive stand-up comedy routines at night clubs involving the main characters, but the amount of crude humor becomes so tasteless that the entire first half of Funny People ends up being nothing but a big distraction.At least the film improves by actually GOING somewhere during the second half- we find out that Adam Sandler had a girlfriend a long time ago, and he wants to be with her again. Unfortunately for him, the woman has a family now, but he tries to win her over anyway (even though her Australian husband doesn't care for any of Sandler's nonsense one bit).Funny People is also quite offensive in that Adam Sandler's character is supposed to be a portrayal of someone who is sick with a deadly disease (leukemia) and yet, if that were the case, then why in the world are all those disgusting sexual references *still* taking place? Wouldn't a person dying of a disease, you know, STOP acting like an immature disgusting weirdo every second of the day? I realize this is supposed to be a completely fictional comedy, but still, it's not realistic in the slightest.So to put things into perspective, Adam Sandler doesn't do a particularly good job portraying a sick person because in reality nobody would act that way if they were really dying of a horrible disease. People with leukemia wouldn't find this movie funny at all, and rightfully so. Weird.So basically the first half of the film is nothing but a terrible display of really crude humor as part of frequently stand-up comedy performances from the main characters, and the second half -while still pretty disgusting and inappropriate for anyone under the age of 18- at least delivers with a typical SOMEWHAT satisfying Adam Sandler performance (he's not exactly my favorite actor of all-time, either).I can't recommend this film to anyone, really. It's not a quality movie, the humor is highly inappropriate and disgusting for the majority of it, and the storytelling suffers from taking WAY too long to actually get going. I'm disappointed in Adam Sandler even going along with something like this.
448 negativo  Painful This movie had funny parts but was too long and very painful at times to watch.
449 negativo  Apatow's Weakest Film Is Also His Most Mature Effort Judd Apatow has been consistent in releasing hilarious films over the last few years as a writer, director, and producer. Funny People, his third film as writer/director, gave me considerably high expectations, especially with the talent behind and in front of the camera. I saw the film as possibly being a return to form for Adam Sandler, who hasn't made a well-written, original, or truly funny comedy in some time now. Funny People is not a typical Apatow comedy and is an example of the director broadening his range as a filmmaker. Despite the title, this is much more of a drama than a comedy and is easily Apatow's most mature effort as a filmmaker.The film opens with actual footage of Sandler making prank phone calls when he and Apatow were roommates. It quickly changes gears and introduces us to George Simmons (Sandler), a famous stand-up comedian diagnosed with AML, a blood disease similar to leukemia. George doesn't have much longer to live and he's got no one to help him cope with it. He has a large mansion overlooking Los Angeles and he's recognized in public all the time, but George lacks any real human connection. Ira Wright (Seth Rogen) is an aspiring stand-up comedian who isn't very funny, but George sees him at a club, likes him, and commissions him to write jokes for him. George latches onto Ira for emotional support, while never really letting him in to his life. Their relationship is summed up with George's line "I don't have a best friend. You're my best friend and I don't even like you!" As George struggles with his mortality, he reconnects with Laura (Leslie Mann) the one he let get away, now married with two children.The film also stars Jonah Hill and Jason Schwartzman, as Ira's roommates and is littered with celebrity cameos (the most amusing being Eminem and Ray Romano). Funny People runs about 140 minutes and this bloated running time gives Apatow a lot of material to fit into the movie. While I applaud the man for trying something different, he has a lot of room to grow as a dramatic filmmaker and there are moments of this film that it seems he's taken a few steps back as a comedic filmmaker. The movie has scattered scenes of stand-up comedy that are really, almost ridiculously unfunny. Initially, this made sense as a way of illustrating the fact that Ira isn't particularly funny...But every scene of stand-up comedy, including those with George Simmons weren't funny. And I don't just mean that the comedic style didn't appeal to my comedic palette, I mean the jokes are horribly un-funny and poorly written. They are jokes that sound like they were written by teenagers and there doesn't seem to be a reason why they're so bad. There's nothing smart or witty about any of the jokes in the stand-up scenes. If this was intentional, I stand by my reservations about the jokes because how often did Apatow have to subject us to un-funny scenes of stand-up?There are some strong performances in this film and you see several of them growing as actors. Seth Rogen is not far removed from his usual role, but he is certainly trying to play a different character here. He has a smaller physical frame, yes and sideburns which should've been given screen credit, but this performance is much more human than his performances in other films. Sandler has been showing lately that he's very effective in dramatic roles and he brings moments of genuine pathos to his performance as George Simmons. I don't think Apatow fleshed-out Simmons as much as he could have, but I did get the feeling that Sandler is more like Simmons than other characters he has played. Jason Schwartzman (who also does the music for the film) abandons the quirky, sarcastic character he usually plays for the quietly arrogant wannabe actor. It's hardly a big change, but it's nice to see him playing something slightly different. Finally, in a film with some very funny people it is Jonah Hill and Eric Bana that really bring genuinely funny moments to the film. Hill has a comedic style he brings with him from film-to-film, but his awkward, shy sarcasm brings some much-needed humor to the film when you don't expect it. Bana is the real surprise as Laura's Australian husband Clark and his performance is the most memorable and certainly the highlight of the film.What could have really salvaged this film is a rewrite of the script or some editing. The script isn't bad, but it doesn't seem like Apatow wrote more than one draft and he could have taken more time to flesh out his characters and find a better story arc. Editing, at the very least, would have drastically helped this film and if the plot had focused more on the internal struggle of George Simmons it could have brought the filmmakers some awards. I found the first scene with Sandler and Mann together worked very well as a drama. There's a sense of realism and plausibility to the idea that the two are former lovers who still have strong feelings for each other. The scene is very subtle, there are no dramatic exchanges and it was this scene that showed me how Apatow could one day be a very good dramatic filmmaker, but he's got a little more to learn.The film's biggest flaw is really its running time and, from someone who has nothing against long movies; this movie is way too long and I'm not entirely sure what Apatow intended people to take away from Funny People, nor am I entirely sure what his intention for the film itself was. It's not meant to be hilariously funny, but it never quite takes itself seriously enough to be taken seriously as a drama. Funny People is not a horrible film, although many will think it is just like Sandler's other ventures into drama haven't been looked on with affection. However, mature or not, this is Judd Apatow's weakest film and will have the shortest shelf-life of the films he has made thus far.GRADE: C+
450 negativo  Painful Now, when I first heard that Adam Sandler was going to be making a movie with Seth Rogan, I thought, "Of course I have to go see this!" Two really funny comedians in one movie together? What would be better?I'll tell you.ANYTHING.Sandler plays a big-shot famous comedian who just finds out that he's dying. Through a strange set of coincidences, Rogan becomes very close to Sandler's character and...well, I don't want to give too much away. But, throughout the movie, there are multiple scenes that actually take place in comedy clubs, where these people who are supposedly great stand up comedians are doing there stuff. In the movie, the audience watching them is crying as they laugh. In my theater? Everyone had the same confused-dead-pan-what-the-heck-is-supposed-to-be-funny-about-this look on their faces. Were those supposed to be jokes that they were telling?Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting any "why did the chicken cross the road jokes", and I knew that because the movie was rated R, there would be plenty of crude body jokes, but come on! Rogan's character's jokes revolved only around his "manliness" and farts. Even Sandler's character pointed out that Rogan would never get a girl if he kept talking about things like that. I personally got so tired of the repetitiveness of Rogan's jokes that whenever he got up to perform, I would zone out and start paying attention to the people sitting around me because, honestly, they were more entertaining than what I had paid nine dollars to go and see.When it got to the second half of the over 2 hour long movie, the "funny parts" disappeared completely. It wasn't even pathetically funny. No, in the end I would've called this movie People, because the said People were definitely not Funny.
451 positivo  A truly deep, extremely moving and wonderful movie 'Funny People' is a masterpiece. A tender, profound, truly moving and deeply human story that has a great abundance of depths, it is also often indeed very funny. A story about a rich, successful, comic actor who has lost himself (or never found himself) it deserves to be a major global hit, and I suspect the only reason it isn't is that it is if anything too perceptive and subtle for the market at which it seems to have been intended. The script is witty, endlessly inventive, the direction and the story itself give you a sense of watching a slice of life more than a heavily plotted tale (though don't worry, there is plenty of story going on). The acting is wonderful: Adam Sandler is a joy to watch, very moving, compelling and funny too. Seth Rogen has a great chemistry with him and is perfectly convincing as an ambitious yet a genuinely caring employee and friend. Leslie Mann is the emotional core of the film just as she was in '17 Again' and her character in 'Funny People' is a deep and convincing portrayal of a woman who to some extent is as lost as the Sandler character. The supporting performances are wonderful: the two daughters of the Leslie Mann character (in fact Leslie Mann's kids in real life) are extremely accomplished young actresses, and the other support performances are all tremendously good.Well done to everyone concerned for making a truly remarkable movie that will repay repeated viewings.Eminem has a very good cameo in it by the way.
452 positivo  Apatow's most compelling, albeit flawed, film The Bottom Line:Funny People is certainly too long (though so was Knocked Up, if push comes to shove) and often feels incomplete--as if the director hadn't quite decided which scenes to cut and which to leave in--but it's worth nothing that the film develops real characters and puts them through a storyline that doesn't rigidly follow the romantic comedy template as Apatow's previous works did; it may be a film in which Apatow's reach exceeds his grasp, but it's also the first time he's reached high in the first place.3/4
453 positivo  Funny People Funny Movie Very funny movie Sandler and Rogen have a hilarious chemistry throughout the movie which makes for some very memorable comedy.
454 positivo  Great for What It Is I didn't have any expectations before I viewed this and I have to say that it's not nearly as bad as some reviewers claim. It's more of a drama than comedy and I get the sense that is a lot in this movie which is pretty accurate with regard to Adam Sandler's real life. I'm giving it 4 stars because it kept me engaged throughout.
455 positivo  Funny People Judd Apatow has made a name for himself in producing and directing amazingly hilarious, raunchy R rated comedies. While he's had a long career which includes the well reviewed and prematurely cancelled TV shows Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared, his name really came into prominence when he produced the movie that launched the leading man career of Will Ferrell in the 70's newscaster spoof Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy. In 2005 he directed his first feature film launching the movie career of Steve Carrell with the movie 40 Year Old Virgin, a movie I count as my favorite comedy, and list in my top 10 favorite movies of all town. After that he launched Seth Rogen's career in the superb Knocked Up, Jonah Hill's career with Superbad, and Jason Segel's career with Forgetting Sarah Marshall my second favorite movie in the bunch. With Funny People, Apatow adds Adam Sandler, Jason Schwartzman, Eric Bana, and even Eminem to the mix. The question is, how did it stand up?Funny People is the story of George Simmons (Adam Sandler), a superstar comedic actor with many hits under his belt, and is beloved superficially by almost everyone. In reality he is a troubled, loathsome, lonely man who doesn't allow anyone to get to close, and those that do he drives away. After being diagnosed with an advanced blood disease similar to leukemia, George realizes just how lonely he is and decides to start doing stand up again. Enter in Ira Wright (Seth Rogen). Ira is a struggling stand up comic, who does stand up for free at improv nights, works at a deli, and lives on the sofa sleeper of fellow comics Mark Taylor Jackson (Jason Schwartzman, also doing musical duties behind the scenes for the movie) and Leo Koenig (Jonah Hill). After seeing Ira's stand up one night, George Simmons hires him as his writer and personal assistant, aka his best friend. Through out the course of the movie we see George Simmons trying to reach humanity again. As he comes to the realization that he's dying he reaches out to friends and family he hasn't been in contact with for years, and tries to reclaim love with his former fiancee Laura (Leslie Mann, Judd Apatow's wife) who is now married to a philandering Aussie named Clarke (Eric Bana), and now has two children Mable and Ingrid (Maude and Iris Apatow, Leslie Mann and Judd Apatow's real life children).It should really be said that Funny People is not as completely a comedy in the way that 40 Year Old Virgin or Knocked Up are comedies. Funny People is a much more naked, emotional affair than either of the previous movies. That's not to say that the film is not funny, it has more than it's fair share of comedy, bringing in many superstar comedians including Dave Attell, Ray Romano, Sarah Silverman, Norm MacDonald, Andy Dick, etc. There's also some great stand up to be seen from the likes of Jonah Hill, Seth Rogen, Aubrey Plaza (who steals nearly every scene she's in as Daisy), and of course Adam Sandler. Seeing the inner workings of comics and funny people trying to break their way into the business, and their interactions with each other gives our characters and the writer a lot of comedic material to mine, and they mine it well.Comedy is not at the forefront of the this movie though. In reality, the movie is about finding life in the midst of death, and to that end the writing and the acting is superb. As a dying comedian trying to find his humanity, Adam Sandler finds a funny and serious streak unlike just about anything we've seen him in. While we've seen him do serious before in Punch Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, and Spanglish this is arguably the best performance he's given so far, mixing in the old Adam Sandler we've seen in Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison with a much older and mature Sandler. Seth Rogen, also does a much different role than that of the pot smoking slacker schlub than what we're used to from him. Playing a confidant, assistant, and writer for Simmons, Rogen plays Simmons last link to humanity and his conscience. Seeing both of these characters somewhat out of their element and playing the characters amazingly well is a very nice change of pace.For all it's strengths, there is one major weakness: running time. At 146 minutes, Funny People can drag a little bit in the more serious dramatic areas, especially when you really want more of the strong comedic material you've seen throughout the movie. In all honesty though, I couldn't tell you what should have been cut to make it shorter. The arc of George Simmons really needed the running time to help flesh out the characters. All in all, I would say that Funny People is a great movie definitely worth seeing, if not in the theater, definitely on DVD where you can get up and move around when you feel like it.4.5/5
456 positivo  Funny People... Smart Movie Funny People: 8 out of 10: What is amazing about Funny people is considering its set-up and storyline it manages to deftly dodge a veritable minefield of bathos laid out before it. The story is about comedian, who is super rich after a string of really bad comedies (Adam Sandler playing himself), finds he has version of leukemia and well is going to die soon. Therefore, he reflects back on his life makes amends and chases the girl that got away with the help of new assistant, a thin Seth Rogen.Yes, it is what we hipsters would call Narm city. Yet this Judd Aptow directed flick is so self aware of the pitfalls that it not just avoids them for the most part but in a true stand up comic style calls them out. This is at its heart a very smart and aware film. What could have been Terms of Endearment with dick jokes turns into an occasionally funny and somewhat touching film. It is also a very real film about real people and I am going to repeat myself here but it is truly smart.The only real downside I see is that I really do not see myself watching this film again anytime soon. It is a great ride but it never reaches that next level. The movie consists of some very funny bits, but do not come aboard expecting belly laughs. In addition, while I found myself enjoying the laid back pace at 153 minutes there is no question this feels more like a directors cut than a tightly paced theatrical release.
457 negativo  Sandler's worst! I normally love Sandler's movies but this was just horrible. None of it flowed right, jokes were horrible vand stupid and just all around made no sense. Don't waste your time and money on this.
458 negativo  Not good The movie skips a few scene transitions and once it got to chapter 15 I couldn't watch any of the rest of the movie at all and the file online said it was 'like new.' The disc itself looks clean but it will not play at all in my 2 week old player and three other players I tried it in.......
459 negativo  Worth watching atleast once Judd Apatow's third film after The 40 year old virgin and Knocked up ventures in to serious cinema territory. Supposedly Adam Sandler was his former roommate and the film's opening scenes show them making crank calls to people.Adam Sandler plays George Simmons who is a top stand up comedian and revered by young aspiring comics because of that he is disconnected from reality and does not have a real friend. He lives surrounded by yes-men and a lot of women. Suddenly he is diagnosed with a fatal disease which is similar to leukemia. George Simmons meets a struggling comic Ira Wright aka Ira Weiner (Seth Rogen) at a local club and hires him to do his writing and become his almost live-in attendant for 1500 dollars a week. Ira is not so funny and has been struggling a lot so he quickly takes up the offer much to the chagrin of his roommates (Jason Schwartzman & Jonah Hill) who had been moderately successful till Ira landed this job.Ira gets to travel with George and gets to experience firsthand the privileges that come with success and also face the tantrums and mood swings that successful people are expected to have. Ira does a good job despite being humiliated constantly by George Simmons. Unexpectedly an old flame - the one that got away enters George's life again, Leslie Mann, she still loves him but she is married.Seth Rogen as the assistant Ira delivers a great performance as the submissive, yet helpful attendant to George Simmons. I thought the performance was great because he could have been pathetic in many scenes but is not. I have not seen many Adam Sandler movies but this was great acting as he played it with such great care. In my opinion, the role of a dying man who is famous and does not have any friends could have been a flop, but Sandler does a great job. Leslie Mann as Simmons former girlfriend is good as someone who is caught between old love and the security of a family with children. Eric Bana is the surprise of the movie- Loved him as the obnoxious husband to Leslie's character. The movie tries to offer a realistic portrayal of a standup comics carrer and has been strewn with appearances by many celebrities such as James Taylor, Aziz Ansari, Sarah Silverman, Ray Romano, Eminem (Hilarious) The music is great and has great tunes by Lennon & Warren Zevon. I am thinking of buying the soundtrack. This is not the best movie you can watch but it is still watchable considering it is almost 2 hours and 26 minutes long. I gave it three stars because the first half was enjoyable but the second half....... 6/11/10
460 negativo  Half funny, half offensive Funny People stars Adam Sandler as an old pro comedian, along the lines of, say, Robin Williams, who learns that he has a fatal disease. Because of this diagnosis he decides to go back to his stand-up comedy roots and does a bitter and depressing impromptu set at The Comedy Club, which is where he got his start. While there he sees Seth Rogan, a newbie comic starting at the bottom of the ranks and working in a deli during the day. Sandler likes Rogen's set and asks the Rogen character to write jokes for him and be his assistant.The movie is fairly raunchy, both in the stuff that happens in the lives of the characters, and in the material they use on stage, so if you're easily offended, stay away. As a once-upon-a-time aspiring comedian, however, I found the look into the lives of beginning and old-time comedians educational. It felt to me that this is the way it probably is for a lot of comedians. There are Rogen's comedian roommates, Johah Hill and Jason Schwartzman, the latter having a lead role in a B-level sitcom (Yo, Teach!), the fame of which he uses to screw everything that moves (though he has a 10-day rule to give Rogen a chance, which makes me laugh, just thinking about it). Sandler has the same propensity for using his fame to his sexual advantage, which is probably why at this stage of his life he has no family and no friends, friend being another thing that could be added to Rogen's job description.There are tons of cameos including one by the glasses-wearing, Eminem, who bullies an innocent, just-standing-in-line Ray Romano.So, get it if you're a fan of stand-up or any of the actors (Leslie Mann is Sandler's old flame and Eric Bana is her new husband). Stay away if you're offended by lots of swearing, raunchy jokes and behavior, and an over-all lack of morals by most of the characters.
461 neutral  Unexpected, in a good way! I think the reason this movie got a lot of flak from the majority of the viewers is because it was unlike ANYTHING they had expected going into the movie. People saw the cast - Adam Sandler, Seth Rogan, Jonah Hill, etc - and thought this was going to be a "laugh-out-loud" slap-stick comedy that would be reminiscent of Apatow's previous hit movies.Funny People is hilarious, but it doesn't ultimately give you the same experience as "40-year old Virgin". The humor is dry, mostly sarcastic and as well it should be. Remember, folks, the comedian is DYING. Supporting actors who are also real life comedians perform stand up in the movie and it's funny. Some people may be disappointed with the stand up routines, but again, remember that the comedians are SUPPOSED to be struggling amateurs, trying to make it big. I still think it's as funny as a stand up routine should be.Don't hate this movie because it paints life in a darker, and more realistic picture. There can't always be sunshine and rainbows.
462 positivo  Funny People George is a very successful stand up comedian who learns that he has an untreatable blood disorder and is given less than a year to live. Ira is a struggling up-and-coming stand up comedian who works at a deli and has yet to figure out his onstage persona. One night, these two perform at the same club and George takes notice of Ira. George hires Ira to be his semi-personal assistant as well as his friend. The first hour and a half was fairly entertaining. The tempo of the movie goes from snappy to outright boring and annoying. Sandler was ok. If you must see it, rent it.
463 positivo  Brilliant movie, and much more complex material for Apatow This film is remarkable for just how much it blurs the lines of reality in the service of fiction. Apatow and Sandler have have been friends for a long time and lived with each other for awhile on the comedy scene. The movie opens with vintage footage on his offtime from the Ben Stiller show. That being said there are certain things known to be different from Sandler and his character, but you do wonder how he feels about the negative aspects of fame and fortune. I would say most of those things are true for him, but he enjoys it more. The other younger characters are there to show you the way it is from the ground up and Apatow has interesting things to say about it. Jason Schwartzman's character says so much about ambiguous nature of fame that's out of your control. He's made a rich man by doing clearly bad work, created by bad writers, but in the service of supposedly being hip and socially conscious. What's he to make of it, though, when he's rewarded for being terrible and consenting to it. It's hard for people who even recognize this, to not become conceited and that's exactly what happens. The film makes an interesting rumination on things people hardly consider when trying to make it in show biz, you take what they give you, not necessarily what you want. Technically, it makes that statement about life as well and for those who don't find it funny even though it does achieve that, if you go back it does make that statement repeatedly. I enjoyed it from front to back.
464 positivo  Funny, Heartwarming and Mature Third Outing for Apatow Any churlish citizens waiting for Judd Apatow to make a bad movie in the wake of his successful and solid first two--40 Year Old Virgin and Knocked Up--will be disappointed by Funny People. It is very, very good, emotionally satisfying, funny on a number of nicely nuanced levels, and best of all, a film aimed directly at grownups. Of course, anybody who's watched a film from the Apatow cabal with anything like a discriminating eye will have noted a consistent theme--underneath the extremely crude sexual and scatological humor, male bonding and fantasies of perpetual adolescence lies a call for responsibility, wisdom and discretion. Very cannily, Apatow recognizes his audience and doesn't disappoint; he draws in the beer and bong crowd with the promise, always delivered on, of rude hijinks and memorably pornographic dialog, then delivers the medicine. Boiled down, his message is this: Grownup can be sexy, fun and tonic too. His male point of view characters begin as feckless kids and, somewhere along the line, don the mantle of responsibility and adulthood along with the love of a good woman. Ultimately, Apatow's vision is a conservative one, made easier to digest with gallons of silly fun.In this one, Adam Sandler's character George Simmons, a highly successful comedian, has a near-death (or maybe that should be near-life) experience. Living the high life without ever really touching other lives in a meaningful way, he's adapted himself to the cocoon of fame, with all the attendant glories (groupies, tons of tuff) allowing him to stay insulated from real emotion. Then he finds out he has a rare blood disease, a form of leukemia, comes to terms with "the one that got away" (the always-lovely Apatow regular Leslie Mann) and his family. With the help of Seth Rogen's Ira Wright, a struggling, up-and-coming comedian, he discovers himself, deepens, and gains perspective. I won't rehearse the rest of the plot; all I will say is, this movie will last a long time. Long after the beers and bong hits have been downed, Funny People will continue to resonate in adult hearts. It's a bittersweet valentine to the profession of comedy and a heartfelt, smart tribute to the virtues of growing up. Apatow's stable of actors display dimensions you've rarely seen them portray. Come for the X-rated laughs and stay for the sophisticated, thoughtful drama.
465 positivo  GIFT I bought this for a Christmas present for my son. It arrived in perfect condition. He loves Adam Sandler and collects all his movies.
466 positivo  Seriously Funny People After the success of "40 Year Old Virgin" and "Knocked Up" the honchoes allowed auteur Judd Apatow to indulge himself here. "Funny People" as at once ambitious, epic, and borderline self indulgent. I was going to dismiss this flick as a noble failure but something about it resonated in my self-conscious. My main gripe was that the film's main character, George Simmons(Adam Sandler), was an overbearing narcissistic heel. But it dawned on me that this was purely intentional and that Apatow and Sandler are taking a leap in expecting their audience to accept this reality. This is a hard film to like but ambitious viewers should admire what Apatow is attempting here. In this epic of sorts Apatow gives some choice parts to the immensely talented Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill and they run with it. It's kind of like Sandler is passing the torch or at the very least sharing the spotlight with these newcomers. Debits here are possible overlength, too much scatalogical humor, and a touch of nepotism in the casting(Leslie Mann, Apatow's wife, and his two daughters are prominently cast. Lot's of delicious cameos my fave being Ernest Thomas, "Raj" from "What"s Happening" as a television school principal.
467 positivo  Much better than I expected I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought I would. It is unique. I felt like I was getting a different look into the world of comedy. Adam Sandler does a great job of portraying a cynical, cold, veteran king of comedy who has had it all and done it all (not too much of a stretch). The supporting cast is pretty good, and the comedy within the movie seems real enough, but I really enjoyed Sandler's performance for most of the movie. The only problem I have really is the fact that for me the buildup and climax of the movie was the weakest part of the film - a little boring and overdone, though it ended strong afterward. I found Seth Rogen to be good in some scenes but also boring in others - he seems better suited to play a more raunchy and cynical character himself rather than the relatively innocent guy he tries to portray here.This is half drama and half comedy, not a "mainstream" type of movie, but Sandler's performance anchored the film and I recommend it.Oh and - minor spoiler here - I absolutely love that the late, great Warren Zevon's "Keep Me In Your Heart" is the one song that broke through George's veneer. That was a great scene.
468 positivo  Rarely do we see this level of character development in films today If you like films like "As Good As It Gets" then I thinkyou'll be pleasantly surprised at how well-done this film,"Funny People" is.I don't give 5-star reviews lightly. While not rivetingthis film is highly engaging due to richly developedcharacters who visibly grow and change during the course.Plot-wise the film goes in unexpected directions. It'slong at 140 minutes, and does tend to be sort of episodicas if the director couldn't bear to cut out some scenesto make it a shorter, lighter film.As it is the film mixes comedy and drama deftly andthe director evokes nuanced performances from the wholecast. Sandler hasn't been so good since "Spanglish"and never so daring - here he goes to some dark places.The darkness of some of the "comedy" here may turnsome folks off and the broad use of vulgarisms makesthis film inappropriate for youngsters. If you'resensitive to cussing, scatological wisecracks,course depictions of sexuality, then you probablywon't enjoy this much. There's not much nudity, ifany, but some of the language is pretty coarse.I laughed and I was moved in other ways. This isa film about stand-up comics - who are often acerbic,alienated, witty, and sometimes cruel.
469 negativo  waste of time I must say I never liked Adam Sandler. There were so many more talented people who just never got a chance to be on the screen. I still don't get what's with Adam Sandler.Besides that I decided to give it a shot. It took half hour when I stopped watching.
470 negativo  Depressing then becomes boring my husband and I watched this and ended up watching something else. this will be a waste of your time
471 negativo  Please just run far FAR away from this film. It is wayyyyyyyy too long and completely aimless. Some may call it "complex"; but I call it crap. There are a few little laughs here and there - but nothing that would make this worth sitting through. Even when one steps away from the fact that this was not intended to just be a comedy and rather attempts to tackle some more serious content.....it still sucks. Don't waste your money. Watch "I love you man" or "Grandma's Boy" or something that is actually entertaining. I wish someone had warned me.
472 negativo  Flash in the pan The term "Flash in the pan" means "something that promises pure potential but fails". That, unfortunately is "Funny People". When I saw the trailer, I was excited to see the movie. But then I saw the movie. I'll get to the point since Amazon apparently has a word limit:-The whole "Dying comedian" plot. Andy Kaufman would roll his eyes it was so stupid. It's basically like a fictional version of Andy Kaufman's life.-The Eminem cameo was so out of place it was unbearable. He did great at acting in "8 Mile", but what he doesn't seem to know is that it was a one time deal!!!!-Too many [...] jokes.-The movie was so depressing that how it got called a "comedy" beats me. Is this seriously the best Apatow has to offer after stellar movies like "Anchorman" and "Pineapple Express"????-Too long for what it was, but not long enough for the amount of material crammed into it. The movie basically ends at like 1 hour and 40 minutes, however the rest seems like a 45 minute after-the-credits sequence but placed before the credits. I am not lying, I thought it was over so many times. It was like the movie ended and the sequel already began.-It's not a movie, it's a drinking game. Adam Sandler makes a [...] joke? Take a drink. Depressing "Yadayadaboohoo" about being sick? Take a drink. You won't last before the end of the movie though, so be warned.There's loads more but I'm just cringing thinking about it. Rogen is basically the highlight of this otherwise overlong and depressing movie. So I guess the two star nod goes for Rogen alone.IN TOTAL:Entertainment: 3/10Sex: 2/10Violence: .5/10Laughs: Pffft/10Depressing: 10/10Adam Sandler: Time to Retire***Bo-ring!***
473 negativo  THE WORST MOVIE EVER MADE!!! Judd Apatow has reached an absolutely new level of... sucking!!! Even Adam Sandler, one of my favorite actors of all times, sucked too, big time!!! There are funny movies, there are not so funny ones, there are stupid and ridiculous flix and... there's Funny People! Its name should be changed to ... what's the word for utterly unfunny? Almost 100% of jewish actors and they couldn't pull it off? That's odd!?
474 negativo  Moron How can anybody even smile with the kind of garbage Adam Sandler ALWAYS performs?This guy is just a moronic retard.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HIM.
475 negativo  NOT FUNNY! This is what Hollywood is calling humor these days? Must of been written by the lowly out of work writers during their strike! Crude, demeaning and a waste of my time!
476 negativo  Pretty pathetic people The new "stars of comedy" make me miss the real ones. Why don't you try to learn from thy elders, like Mel Brooks, boys?Side note: Hollywood hasn't come up with real comedy since "Meet the Spartans." Anybody who forgot how brilliant it was needs to watch again "I Will Survive" at the end of the Spartans (it might still be on Youtube: SidgzLnh_W4).
477 negativo  A TRAVESTY the negative reviews this film gets Though Adam Sandler stars in this film and this perhaps is his most-diversified role to date (this or 'Punch Drunk Love' take your pick), this is not really a 'Sandler film' but really an 'Apatow' one...and not in the exact variety of '40 Year Old Virgin' or 'Knocked Up' mind you. 'Funny People' is a (very) full-bodied (and smart) DRAMA first and foremost but without ever voiding the plot of Apatow, and Sandler's, comedic sensibilities which are still seen and felt throughout; still a FUNNY movie underneath it all. I call it Apatow's BEST film and it's quite a shame it actually LOST money at the box office! Perhaps it's the way the film was advertised or the expectations movie-goers had going into it; or maybe even the LENGTH of the film. To those who say it 'went on too long' SO don't appreciate the artistic statement at hand! The whole 'extended' sequence involving Sandler and Rogen's characters visiting the former's ex (Leslie Mann)/ staying in Marin County is what MAKES this film! A more-than-2-hour film is ONLY a 'bad idea' if it's a BAD or mediocre film. If you've only seen it once and weren't satisfied, do yourself a favor and see it at least a couple more times. Like 'Freaks and Geeks' ten years prior which gained much belated acclaim in all the years since it unjustly/criminally went off the air after only 18 episodes, this one shall become more and more appreciated in the years/decades to come as well.
478 positivo  I loved this movie. I loved this movie, as I mentioned above. I laughed a good bit, and it stirred my feelings of empathy for imperfect people which, you'll agree, is one of the best things in life. I liked most that we spend enough time with the characters that we get a feeling of actually knowing them. But, you know I haven't watched it over a year, so maybe I'll like it less next time. Or I won't watch it again and just keep my memory of LOVING IT.
479 negativo  WHICH JOKE DID YOU FIND FUNNY? ***Spoiler Review*** (If possible)Adam Sandler plays an unlikable comedian, George Simmons, who finds out he may be terminal with AML and tries an experimental drug. He decides to do stand up again when he meets comedian wanna-be Ira Wright (Seth Rogen) attempting stand-up. Sandler is impressed by Ira and hires him to write jokes and to be his personal go-fer. Ira finds out about the illness and convinces George to tell his family and friends about it. George plays the death card to patch up relationships, then suddenly he isn't going to die anymore. George re-examines his life, but even at mid-life he is still an immature a-hole. Everyone has sex but Ira, which seems to be a sad joke.I found the jokes and humor to be at best, lame. The language was crude and sexual. Brief nudity. Perhaps what is best about the movie is that it makes sit-coms look really lame. If you think a guy saying "tweet" over and over again, spinning around in a circle is funny, then this movie is for you.
480 neutral  Funny Movie This is the perfect movie for people who love the ways of show business and are interested in an actors day to day life. It is interesting what goes on inside a celebrities mind. Adam Sandler plays his role perfectlt but the story is just really wierd. But the movie still has hilarious parts.
481 positivo  I liked it A funny emotional bro-mance. I started getting lost somewhere in the middle mainly because I thought something different was about to happen but I liked how it ended.
482 positivo  great movie, movie is longer than 2hours this is a great movie its not 40yr old virgin funny or knocked up funny but its a pretty good movie alot of famous ppl in it has alot of good funny parts 2 it. the only reason i think its not really funny is because theres none of those funny parts like knocked up of the 40yr old virgin has. dont pay attention to the reviews rent the movie or something if u like it buy it.
483 negativo  Apatow's weakest work to date This was a movie that reached a bit beyond the director's talent level. Apatow for all his praise of his last two directorial efforts, is basically a formula director. His formula is basically alot of penis, masturbation, and oral sex jokes masking the promotion of conservative morals & family values (No sex before marriage with 40 Year Old Virgin & the responsibility of fatherhood in Knocked Up). That might sound bad but his first two films were effective comedies. Not so much with this one.The first hour of this movie is actually pretty great. It establishes the two main characters well, Seth Rogen's trying to find a way through the door comedian Ira, and Sandler's character of George Simmons which is mostly meant to mock his real life success as a movie star. Rogen is essentially playing the same character he has played in most of his starring comedic roles up to this date (minus Observe and Report) so its mostly Sandler's show in this one. They do a great job at lampooning his career with him but also let him be an interesting character in his own right with the look into his hollow existence and self realization of it. Its quite entertaining as they develop a working relationship and go on the stand up circuit.The Movie kind of falls apart after the first hour after a plot device from that hour is dropped and so the film goes off a completely different tangent. Now Sandler's character is contacts with his ex-fiance who is married and has children, and Sandler is now focused on reconnecting with her and the rest of the film revolves around that pursuit and the whole stand up comedy part is dead in the water, and alot of the minor characters from earlier in the film are for the part written out of the flick (given a few minutes of screen time at the end to wrap things up, like a small budding romance Rogen has with a comedienne and his funny yet adversarial roommates.)I dont know why Apatow did this, maybe he fealt vain and show off his wife and children again like he did in Knocked Up (even worse here as he even brings in a home video of his daughter at a talent show and gives them a ton more face time here) or whatever, but for for the rest of the movie we have another one of formulaic tricks, the conservative family values part. So you basically you know how this little endeavor ends. Another problem is that this is way way way too long. This movie shouldn't have had to be 2 hours long let alone its 2 and a half hours running time. Its just too much.With a brilliant first half hour ruined by the next hour and half this movie was disappointing. It exposes Apatow for the mediocre talent that he is, that he isnt nearly as good of a director or writer as he is as a producer. Its good when he hands over the reins to better talents like Jody Hill and David Gordon Green because he can't seem to handle all the processes at once. Skip this.
484 negativo  Twice as long, half as funny, and much the same There are some genuinely funny parts of Judd Apatow's longest film to date, and most of them involve a truly awful network sitcom Jason Schwartzman is starring in called "Yo, Teach!" That accounts for about five minutes of this film; you keep wondering what Apatow thought he was doing for the other 148. The first half involves a famous Adam Sandler-like stand-up comic (played by Adam Sandler, showing almost no distance whatsoever from his usual persona) who discovers he's ill with a variant of leukemia, and who starts mentoring a young nebbishy comic (inevitably played by Seth Rogen) as he also seeks to make amends for his horrible behavior throughout his life, his lack of connections with his family, and (in particular) chasing away the great love of his life (Leslie Mann). Then the Sandler character unexpectedly responds to his treatment, and the rest of the film is mostly a (lengthy) shaggy-dog story of a weekend trip he and the Rogen character take to the San Francisco Bay Area to perform a comedy gig so he can hook up again with the married lost sweetheart.You keep waiting for the point of the movie to be revealed, and it's not until the end that you begin to see how you're supposed to make sense of the characters. By this point the patterns we see them in are so familiar from Apatow's other films that we can almost color in everything ourselves. A man has to grow up and stand on his own two feet; selfish people will eventually become lonely; a man's best friends are his freakish loser roommates... all this will seem dully familiar. Mann does not embarrass herself as Sandler's lost love; and the two charming daughters she and Apatow share, Maude and Iris, steal much of the movie as her character's daughters. Rogen does everything we've seen him do before by being shambling and lovable, and Eric Bana seems in the wrong film as Mann's studly Aussie husband. The "Laugh, clown, laugh" first section of the film would be truly intolerable if not for the brief comic bits with Schwartzman and (again inevitably) Jonah Hill as the loser roommates, and for the absorbing decorating details of the Sandler character's fabulous oceanside palazzo.
485 negativo  Awkward People Adam Sandler/George Simmons is going to die, so what does a famous actor to do? Go back to his roots and realize the world has passed him by. Sure, he gets the ladies, a large house, and a ton of money/great stuff, but he lost his love to his selfishness, and he has no real friends. Enter Seth Rogen, a struggling comedian who's simply not funny, and happens to be in the right place at the right time to be Simmons's right hand man/joke writer. That's only the first half hour, and trust me, it only gets more tedious and unwelcome after that.It's always a bad idea to set an expectation in a movie title, and 'Funny People' burns in this regard. There's a lot of comedy, but there's very little funny. In fact, when Eminem & Ray Romano provide what is probably the film's funniest moment (James Taylor comes a close second), you have a serious problem. I tend to surround myself with a lot of stand-up comedy, and in studying the comics of today I get a general idea of what works and what doesn't. Guess what, Funny People's comedy doesn't work. Whether it's cameos, Jonah Hill, Adam Sandler, or Seth Rogen, they all come off very awkward and not funny, at all. Another very awkward/uncalled for scene is the one you may have seen in the ads with Sandler brutally roasting a European guy. As someone who also makes some pretty racy jokes, even I found this scene squeamishly uncomfortable.At one point, Sandler chides Rogen's character for using too many d**k jokes because it guarantees chicks won't sleep with you. Apatow should have taken this advice because 95% of the jokes in this movie are about the d**k, and when he's going for this striking personal drama about Sandler stricken with cancer, all emotion is lost with these jokes. It's just uncalled for, and sort of kills the momentum & the movie. No I'm not prudish, I just don't think it works in this context.This brings us to the drama/story. I learned two things from this movie. Everybody in Hollywood is a large a-hole because they let the fame go to their head, or you'll become an a-hole because you want the fame. Make no mistake about it, at some point in this film every character is an a-hole. This not only turns you off from liking the characters, but I found myself cringing or shaking my head several times in this movie because they're just so dumb, or such a-holes. Again, it's awkward. Sandler's character alone starts off an a-hole, gets better, becomes a large a-hole, then comes back down again.Casting is a rather mixed bag. Adam Sandler gives his 2nd best performance (his scene as an old man in 'Click' still wins me over), and the role is almost perfect for him. Sandler's done a lot of stupid movies like the character, and he knows comedy, drama, and being an a-hole. Rogen on the other hand was awful in his stand-up persona, then balanced throughout the film between being a jerk and being the voice of reason for George. In the end, Rogen couldn't win me over to like his character. I personally thought Leslie Mann's best scene was when Sandler went down on her. Besides that, it's always a mistake for the director to cast his wife, and by the time the character shows up in the movie it had already worn out it's welcome, and she helps run it into the ground. Jason Schwartzman also gives a good performance as a jerk, and Jonah Hill is just underused. Eric Bana? Could've done without him.After leaving the theater, I was deeply depressed & conflicted over the movie, then as soon as I looked at my iPod my mind sprang to John Mayer's "In Repair." Listening to this song was really the missing piece for me since it describes George Simmons. He's in repair at the end of the film, he's not together but he's getting there. It certainly works better than a b-side John Lennon track. Still, with the exception of a few moments in the film & the last five minutes, I found little I liked about the film & it still left me rather depressed.If anything 'Funny People' is proof for me that Judd Apatow is purely lightning in a bottle. It worked in '40-year old virgin,' and to a lesser extent 'Knocked Up,' but aside from these, and displayed prominently in this movie Apatow's is a good producer, a hit & miss writer, and an atrocious director. It's painfully obvious Apatow fully expected the drama and comedy elements to mesh together, but they never did thanks in part to a barage of d**k jokes and as a result I was wanting to leave the theater over 40 minutes before the film ended. 'Funny People' is just too moody/messy to recommend.
486 negativo  Half comedy. Half drama. A complete mess. I'll admit that I am a huge Judd Apatow fan. He has an extremely distinct style that he manages to stamp on every one of his films. What makes him such a unique director is his ability to somehow weave together sincere and heartfelt storytelling with a seemingly perfect amount of obscene, gross-out, and often hilarious humor throughout. With Funny People, the first hour and a half is vintage Apatow--witty, crude and hilarious. The second half is where the film takes a complete nosedive. The laughs are scarce, and when they come up, they're enough for a chuckle at best.The film follows George Simmons (Adam Sandler), a stand up comedian since his high school days, who has just been diagnosed with a life threatening disease. We are given glimpses into his past that shows how he turned his success in stand-up into a career of "sell-out" big-budget movies that have made him millions. He begins to reflect on his life and quickly realizes that his self-absorption has left him with a mansion full of things he never uses, no real friends, just a circle of actors whom he sees every now and then, and the love of his life, Laura (Leslie Mann) married to another man.With little time left, he reaches out to the people he's lost touch with through the years and goes back to doing the thing he loves most; stand up comedy. Along the way, he meets his first true friend in Ira (Seth Rogen), an up and coming comedian whom he hires to be his personal assistant and write jokes for his routine. The film stresses how truly important it is to have close-friends in your life. If you don't have someone you can truly open up to and talk with, then all the money, expensive cars and fame won't add to anythingGeorge's life is about to end and he doesn't have a friend talk to about it.There's the potential for a great film here, but Apatow couldn't quite put it together. It feels like you're watching two different movies. The first half is hilarious, raunchy, and has just the right mix of drama. The latter half is awkward drawn out and feels completely out of place. As a whole, Funny People is a mess.-Jeffrey Ryan[...].
487 neutral  Not entirely a comedy I am big fan of Judd Apatow's work. i went into this hearing that its not like his other movies, that it has a more somber, serious tone. so my expectations were tempered. I liked it, i do agree with some other reviewers that it was probably a little too long, which is why I take off one star. But if you go in knowing this isnt a 40 year old virgin/knocked up style comedy then you wont be disappointed. with that being said, i can see why some people rated this poorly if thats what they thought they were going to see going in.
488 positivo  Highly underrated Great Film. Most of these other reviewers are drones. Everyone that actually knows what good film is should rate this movie 5 stars to cancel out the other reviewers, who were probably expecting a movie with one liners and gimmicks.
489 negativo  Winning Cast, movie fell short This movie was not an original concept. The jokes were lame, as were the performances. The writer and director disappointed the audience by using Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill as a box office draw. When in fact, it wasn't worth the money to see this film in a theatre.
490 negativo  ACTUALLY NO STARS for rating pf Funny People movie Save your money. Your time can be MUCH better spent. This was one of the worse movies I ever sat through. Actually, I drifted away close to the end and was thankful I didn't waste that time. Its AWFUL.
491 negativo  Not Funny People Not worth the time.Pros: there were several good one-liners; introduced me to new comediansCons: excess foul language; adultry;
492 positivo  A Surprisingly Good Film I was prepared to be disappointed, wasting another 2 hours of my life on yet another cookie cutter Hollywood product. The movie, while about half an hour too long, was quite entertaining, making you feel privy to the inner workings of the strange world of Hollywood. It was well written, funny, but not immature, at least not more immature than the actions of the characters, which felt real rather than scripted. Overall, a strong addition to the recent spate of good, mature comedies coming out of Hollywood - I am thinking Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Hall Pass, etc.
493 negativo  Great condition, movie horrible The DVD it self was in great condition and worked perfectly. The movie was horrible....Adam Sandler's worse. Don't waste your money unless you are desperate to get some ZZZZZ's
494 positivo  A WONDERFUL Underated Movie I rented this movie on a whim and was pleasantly surprised! This movie was very funny and REAL... I could actually relate to the characters and would recommend it to people who like realistic comedy vs. the typical Adam Sandler movies.
495 negativo  Meanders More Than The Mighty Mississip Around 110 minutes into this Judd Apatow marathon I started checking my watch. And then I found myself rooting for an ending. . .any ending. Just end movie, end. Yet FUNNY PEOPLE mercilessly droned on for another half hour, culminating in predictable endings for the story's alleged love triangle and friendship between the two central male characters (Adam Sandler and Seth Rogan). Which begs the question: If everyone watching knows what's going to happen, why not wrap this puppy up and be done with it?Granted, Apatow is attempting a darker story than his zany earlier offerings. Sandler plays a comedic superstar who learns he's ailing from a deadly blood disease; accordingly Sandler deadpans this role, which only makes him completely and irretrievably unlikable. Rogan as the nobody friend of Sandler actually has some funny moments as he develops his standup routine over the course of the film, yet unfortunately there are too few of them to salvage a movie that meanders and sloshes its way to a yawnfest ending. Eric Bana is actually refreshing playing the hubby of Sandler's former love interest (Leslie Mann, anyone?), yet he arrives too late for his energy to create any positive effect. The ensemble cast (including Jonah Hill, Aubrey Plaza, and Jason Schwartzman) even looks tired and bored as FUNNY PEOPLE enters its second hour--quite the contrast from Apatow'sThe 40-Year-Old Virgin, a comedy Apatow has yet to successfully replicate.--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
496 positivo  Very inspirational So I just watched Funny People. For a movie that has an all star cast, it was a great movie. If you want to see a movie filled with laughs and a good story pick this movie up. I promise you won't regret it.
497 positivo  I can't wait... Shin Chan is a strange little boy. This second season is even weirder than the first. It's fun though, and the theme song gets stuck in your head.
498 neutral  Deliciously damaged If you loved Drawn Together (American animation) and other such fare you need to have this. If you are PC sensitive this is not the anime for you.
499 positivo  Hilarious Absolutely love this show! I about died when they took it off Netflix, but now I can watch it anytime
500 positivo  One of the Greatest shows ever I love this show. It's gotta be one of the most enjoyable feel-good shows ever. And one of the funniest. Shin is hilarious; a witty little 5 year old kid obsessed with poo. To be honest I find all of this friends annoying though. The parts focusing on Shin and his family are the best. Anything Shin says or does is hilarious. This English version is the only version of Shin Chan I've ever seen, so honestly I couldnt imagine watching it with a Japanese or any other audio track. The voices of Shin and most of the other characters are perfect to me. I cant imagine it any other way, but I suppose if you became accustomed to the japanese version, for example, you might not like this. I myself am disappointed there is only 3 seasons dubbed in English. I would buy every single season if they would make more. Can't recommend it enough
501 negativo  Worst English dub of a great TV series This sucked!The WORST English dub EVER!Crayon Shinchan is long TV series that lasted close to 12 years in Japan. Funimation did NOT purchase the entire series just a handful of episodes, so you don't see how the stories and characters developed and changed over the many seasons.The English dub they made changed the entire dialogue and Americanized practically ALL the characters and situations to an extreme low brow humor. Granted the original show did have a lot of puns, and low brow humor as well, but Shinchan did retain an innocence for his mischief, being the focus that he was always this incredible force of fun shaped as a 5 year old boy. True fans of the manga and series should NOT buy this lame production by Funimaiton.
502 positivo  Kids love it It's Thomas! Kids love it. I can tolerate him better than Barney or those Wiggles. Still sounds so odd to hear George Carlin narrating a children's movie...
503 positivo  Great for kids! As usual, Thomas and Friends are entertaining in all the best ways for kids! Good lessons and good fun.
504 positivo  Possibly the funniest movie ever made. It starts off a bit slow, but once the product placement jokes start it takes off.
505 positivo  The funniest and craziest movie out there! The BEST in the Killer Tomatoes quartet of movies, a classic comedy spoof. It can be sad (laughs), funny (laughs), and overall enjoyable. Seriously though (laughs), its a great movie. Even though it IS low budget, as the film shows boastingly, it is an instant classic.
506 positivo  Kept me Laughing, and Jumping at the TV for Starke!! I LOVED this movie! I thought it was really really funny, and Anthony Starke...THUD! One of my friends had to hold me back from the tv when his shirtless scene came up! Great movie! Most people would think that it was too silly, but, hey, it;s funny!
507 positivo  How about some Crest? Commercialism was never funnier! AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM! Yes, I am not kidding, and I am not drunk! Okay, it's an extremely silly comedy, drawing from the same vein that was later tapped in "The Naked Gun" films. John "Gomez" Astin & a young bohunk named George Clooney give memorably hilarious performances. Those elements would make the film a delight. This film REALLY stands out when the movie is shut down due to lack of funds. Only blatant product placement can keep this production going. This was a heckuva plot twist for a mere 1988 B-movie, and its rip-roaringly zany execution deserves more accolades & cult appreciation than its received. It took me years to find a used VHS tape of this movie, which was my holy grail of 1997. Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me.
508 positivo  Dr Mortimer Gangrene Presents... The Tomato Menace continues to threaten in this movie. The mysterious, beautiful new girlfriend of the protagonist, Tara, loves to listen to the Farm Report in the morning. Her best friend is the sentient FT (Fuzzy Tomato), who she tries to protect from one Doctor Mortimer Gangrene and his sidekick/assistant, the blond surfer-type dude known as Igor (only without the hunch).If I remember, this is the first movie that introduced the creator of the Killer Tomatoes. Whenever someone calls him a mad scientist (unless I'm confusing it with the cartoon series) he always says "I'm not a MAD scientist, I'm an ANGRY scientist!"John Astin (Addams Family's "Gomez") really makes this movie and the other two sequels to the original cult classic special. IMHO, the sequels are better than the original, but I do own the complete set and am entitled to my opinion. ;-)
509 positivo  Return of the Killer Tomatoes Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the produce aisle... The killer tomatoes are back, and this time they have been transformed into vicious tomato-men in another vile attempt at world domination! It is up to a new group of heroes to stop Professor Gangreen before the streets run red. John De Bello and company return with their first goofy follow-up to the campy cult-classic, bringing back more of the same inane humor and kooky characters from the original along with some silly new gags. John Astin and Steve Lundquist join the cast as the crazed professor and his hunky assistant Igor in a pair of hilariously off-beat performances that account for much of the film's success. While the bad puns and ridiculous visuals often encase the film in B-movie cheese, RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES shows flashes of brilliance in the tomato-smuggling scenes and the conspicuous product placement that is used to keep the film afloat. De Bello even pokes fun at the movies, themselves, as he breaks the fourth wall to reveal the cheapness of the production on several occasions. RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES sets the tone for the two remaining sequels, and ranks highly amongst B-movie fans for its unashamed attempts at absurdity.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
510 positivo  Return of the Killer tomatoes I thought I was getting the original but this is just as good. The movie came in less than a week and in the condition described.
511 positivo  zmacman Great 'old school' campy horror/humor. Just plain fun to watch. Glad to see the Tomatoes on DVD. A must have for us old 'B' movie aficionados.
512 positivo  You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll kiss $3 goodbye A sequel of one of the great midnight movies.I didn't think much of the other reviews. I had seen Attack of the Killer Tomatoes", thought it was a funny, cute, and a little zany short. Figured, what the heck, it's Sunday, nothing going on, got control of the TV away from my son and Call Of Duty 3, and I want to watch something mindless. This movie was a good pick. It was fun, well written, and very entertaining. Give it a shot.
513 positivo  The Second of the Tomato Attack Series Alright let's see "Return of the Killer Tomatoes!" is the second in the Tomato series. Now the DVD is one of the only out there so this is all you get until a special editiion or something comes out (but I doubt it). Coming right off of the first it won't be entertaining but the second and third time around it will grow on you (like the first!) this movie introduces Dr. Gangreene (John Astin) along with Igor (forgot name) and Lt. Finletter (Steven "Rock" Peace reprising his role) and Anthony Starke as Chad Finletter. All the villains in this movie and FT will be in the rest of the series so like them or hate them that's what it is. The tomatoes this time can turn into certain people by... (wait for it) MUSIC! Yeah and the all look like Rambo spoofs (nice touch) this time around the attack is small time but would've gotten wide scale if Gangreene accomplished his plan. Again, this movie is a funny romp of cheese so don't expect a masterpice unless this is your category of films. *!!!SPOILER ALERT, SPOILER ALERT!!!* I forgot to say but at the end of the first movie a carrot pops out of the ground and says "Alright you guys they've gone now." And with the second movie we have the two guys from the beginning talking near the end of the credits and you hear shooting. After the credits you see the two guys dead with bullet holes in them as the camera stops zooming out two giat carrots with Rambo-esque head bands and machine guns say, "There will be no movie tom-ah-to." And you hear people gigling and the movie ends.
514 positivo  The best tomato flick This is IMHO the best of the 4 Killer Tomato flicks. We even get to see Gary Condit briefly (from the back) in the pizza parlor fight scene!Without spoiling the surprises, I'll just say that the movie features a very sexy tomato who was once a real tomato.
515 positivo  Fright Pack 2 - Campy Classics If you are a fan of campy cheesy films then you will love these filmsthey come in their own regular dvd case in a cool little beer case box
516 positivo  Return Of The Killer Tomatoes I Was Very Satisfied With My Purchase.It Arrived With Good Timing.(Didnt Take Too Long)My Husband Was Happy To Receive It As A Christmas As He Requested.I Am Glad We Were Able To Find An Older Movie We Were Looking For,As I We Are Trying To Start Our Movie Collection That Includes Older,Indie& "B" Movies.
517 positivo  Ten Years After... Yes, it's been a decade since the killer tomatoes first reared their plump, juicy heads. The world is in desolation, reduced to eating pizza without tomato-based sauce! Now, Professor Gangreen (John Astin) is breeding a race of tomato / human hybrids (who all look like Rambo) in his bid for world conquest. Can he be stopped before his army of tomato-supermen destroy us? Can we withstand the product placement involved? Although I'm partial to the first movie, I do like this sequel enough to recommend it. Gangreen is a nice addition, and the idea of seeing George Clooney in a killer tomato movie is funny enough in and of itself! Watch for the beautiful tomato-babe (Karen Mistal) and her shower scene! E-gad!...
518 neutral  Not as funny as I thought it would be This is an imitation of a movie-that-is-so-bad-it's-funny, but the movie just isn't all that bad. On the other hand it isn't super clever either. It splits the difference and as a result is humorous, but not a side splitter. The scenes from the original Attack of the Killer Tomatoes looked funnier and someday I will give that one a look.
519 positivo  Full Contact Yatch Racing? Yes! This was one of my favorites when I was younger. Still hilarious. How can you top a mad scientist trying to take over the world with tomato people? Oh yeah, Full Contact America's Cup Yacht Racing! Just the sea under you, the wind in your sail, and a couple of Sidewinder Missiles. That sport from this movie is my favorite part bar none; I would love to watch that sport!The only ones who can stop the evil schemes of Dr. Gangreen are George Clooney, a pizza delivery boy, a smoking hot tomato woman, and a fuzzy little mutant tomato named FT (Fuzzy Tomato). This is an over the top funny move that takes multiple opportunities to make fun of itself and it's budget, even running out of one money to complete one scene. If you like comedy like the Naked Gun then give this a try.
520 positivo  Finnaly on DVD! This is one of my favorite comedys/spoofs and it's finally coming out on DVD! This is a hillarious film. It's about a mad scientist who is turning tomatoes in to perfect replicas of humans. It is up to the tomatoe with a hart, Tara, her tomatoe frined Fuzzy Tomatoe (F.T. for short), a pizza dilevery college student Chade, and his friend Matt (played by a young George Cloony) who is calling himself Rob Loa to get hot girls. This is the type of spoof that just gos and spoofs anything in sight, product placement, bad dialog, and the list gos on and on! This comedy ranks up there with Airplane. Highly recomended!
521 positivo  If there aren't enough 5 stars for you, here's another one! This movie is hilarious and it really is a classic. Watch it
522 positivo  Best one in Tomato Trilogy Return of the Killer Tomatoes is hilarious. Anthony Starke is great. J. Stephen "Rock" Peace is back as Lt. Wilbur Finletter. This is the best movie in the Killer Tomato Triolgy.
523 positivo  They're back, and this time IT"S EVEN WEIRDER! This is a weird, weird movie. The best of it's kind
524 positivo  What Is Included With This DVD! The pack includes:Elvira - Mistress of the DarkReturn of the Killer TomatoesTransylvania 6-5000Return to Horror HighSleepaway CampVampGreat classics, with all the cheese you need!No Extras other than theatrical trailers.
525 positivo  Pretty Fricken Sweet You know the movies, and if you're looking at this page, you probably love them. The bottom line is, you get 6 classic campy DVDs, in their own cases, for a good price. Some of these DVDs are hard to find on their own - I personally had been looking for Return to Horror High for quite some time, before I decided to get this set. It's well worth the money - you won't be disappointed.
526 positivo  Like Mad Magazine on Film Probably the best of the 4 part Killer Tomato trilogy. Like Mad Magazine, it's chock full of sight gags, sound gags, satire and clever humor. This was George Clooney's first full length film and compared to the first killer tomato movie, the acting is pretty darn good throughout. Wacky satire at it's best. Next best tomato movie is "Killer Tomatoes Eat France" but it's not yet on DVD.
527 positivo  FT, FT, FT! Return Of The Killer Tomatoes is a film about many things. Product placement, TV news, big breasted babes in bikinis, Michael Jackson, Miami Vice, the Pope, scams, peanut butter on pizza and many other fads of the 80's. Starring such greats as George Clooney, John Astin and, of course, Karen Mistal (who has the best bottom of any B-movie actress I have ever seen) this is NOT as funny as the first but still has a ton of laughs within its many scenes.But under all the humor is a serious view about how people felt about the last, closing years of the Cold War against Communism. In a time when the Red Menace was seen as giant ants or aliens from space the director was brave enough to show that not all Communists, who were represented by the tomatoes, were bad. Chad, the always confused main male character, falls in love with Tara, a tomato-woman(but then who won't fall in love with a smart, willing, good cooking, great dressing tomato?). And FT, played by FT,(who as we all know become a huge star in the film industry as while as live theater in Europe), starred as the socialist with a heart of gold, who was even willing to put his own life in danger for the American way of life. THIS is a B-MOVIE to beat all B-movies. And remember, Tomorrow IS another day!
528 positivo  for the 80's cheezy horror film fans I bought this as an xmas gift for my brother and he loved it! It's a great package of cheezy horror films from the 1980's.
529 positivo  How about some Crest? Commercialism was never funnier! AN UNFORGETTABLE FILM! Yes, I am not kidding, and I am not drunk! Okay, it's an extremely silly comedy, drawing from the same vein that was later tapped in "The Naked Gun" films. John "Gomez" Astin & a young bohunk named George Clooney give memorably hilarious performances. Those elements would make the film a delight. This film REALLY stands out when the movie is shut down due to lack of funds. Only blatant product placement can keep this production going. This was a heckuva plot twist for a mere 1988 B-movie, and its rip-roaringly zany execution deserves more accolades & cult appreciation than its received. It took me years to find a used VHS tape of this movie, which was my holy grail of 1997. Discovering this DVD was a dream come true for me.
530 positivo  George Clooney wants you to forget this movie... but you never should! This hysterical film cuts through the dry humor of the original Attack of the Killer Tomatoes to give you one laugh after another! What happens when you make half of a movie and run out of money? What should happen to people caught smuggling ketchup? What exactly do you do when you find out that your girlfried is a vegetable? These questions and more are answered in this fantastic movie!
531 positivo  Better than I expected I own a VHS version of this movie (a really cheap version) and I think it's a bit better than the original. We get to see a young George Clooney is his "Facts Of Life" pre-ER era. John Astin provides a few good laughs as an evil scientist too. It's still a stupid Killer Tomatoes movie but there are some very funny moments and not-too-subtle jabs at commercialism. There's even a scene where our hero halts the movie and starts complaining about the blatent product placement. Just like the original it's all in the name of silliness.I just hope this DVD is a good transfer as my VHS copy is practically unwatchable.
532 positivo  Horror, Comedy, Action, Romance, this movie has it all! This movie is great! It has every video category in it! It all starts when evil Professer Gangreen(John Astin) makes a machine that can make tomatoes anyone. While he plots his evil plan pizza makers Matt (George Cloony) and Chad (Anthony Starke) are living peacefully making non tomatoe pizzas (included Jam instead of sauce). Later Chad meets Professer Gangreen's assistant (Karen Mistel) who is just a tomatoe in human form! Will Chad and Matt save the world from Professer Gangreen or will the girl of Chads dreams end up a tomatoe? You'll have to buy this movie to find out.
533 positivo  Better than the first in every way! In every way, 'Return of the Killer Tomatoes' is a far better film then the classic original. The characters, ranging from John Astin as the evil mad scientist, his clean cut news anchor servant Igor, and George Clooney in his first film role, are hilarious. The plot is more involved and understandable, and the jokes fly fast and furious. One thing potential buyers should be aware of is that this film, like the original, is presented in the fullscreen format common with straight-to-video productions, which this almost certainly was. A great film, a better sequel, and well worth the few dollars it costs.
534 positivo  Funny funny funny! A great, silly film. I must have watched my tape at least 30 times by now, and it's still hillarious every time I see it. Bring on "Killer Tomatoes in Space"!
535 positivo  A bargin for a slap-your-thighs funny movie. I saw the first in the series. It was ok, but other than it being a cult film, it was nothing to write home about. ROTKT is a blast. They set up the movie to make fun of themselves- and they deliver. The co-star (her name escapes me) is a knockout. You'll never look at another tomato the same!And watch out for those carrots!
536 positivo  Hilarious!! Anthony Starke is great! The deadpan expression of Tony Starke makes the offbeat script bearable. Great party movie. For a "B' movie, this beats a few recent "A" movies I've seen
537 neutral  Tara Firma (Karen Mistal) is a real tomato As we watch the overture we are treated of a glimpse of "Big-Breasted Girls Go to the Beach and Take Their Tops Off" and forget why we bought this film.Long after the Tomato Wars a new generation has become blasé. But little do they know that the mad scientist Prof. Gangreen (John Astin, with his signature grin) is planning a comeback. Only this time he is disguising the tomatoes as tomato people.Local pizza entrepreneur Matt Stevens (George Clooney, in his best role) is enamored of Prof. Gangreen's prize possession Tara (Karen Mistal). Tara has a little secret and likes sex and toast.Mat and his co-worker/roommate Chad (Anthony Starke) are tomato bigots; after their entire uncle lived through the tomato wars. So they are adopted by the runaway Tara and her little secret and a furry friend named FT. Prof. Gangreen sends his trusted limelight seeking servant Igor (Steve Lundquist) to retrieve Tara.Looks like the tomato is out of the bag and Matt will have to learn to tolerate tomatoes or lose Tara forever. FT, faced with adversity, must make the final sacrifice proving that all tomatoes are not bad.We are promised that if this film mates its worth we will get to see."Big-Breasted Tomatoes Go to the Beach and Take Their Tops Off"Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death ~ Karen Mistal
538 positivo  FT rules Talk about a hokey plot and cheezy acting -- this movie is GREAT !! The 1980's will never be forgotten as a decade of some really sad movies. My God does George Clooney look young and with that mop of hair..... Can't wait to see The Killer Tomatoes take France.
539 positivo  100 times better than the first This is the best movie since Monsturds no wait this movie is better than Monsturds even. You will not find a much better than this film. The first film wasn't even close to as good as this 5 stars way up for an excellent come back!!!
540 negativo  Too Stupid I bought this for my grandson who loves "cheesy" movies but even he said this movie was too stupid. The first Killer Tomatoes movie at least had some funny parts. This movie doesn't. Don't waste your money.
541 negativo  Stupid So stupid it wasn't funny.I want my money back.
542 positivo  NEED A LAUGH!!!!! IF YOU NEED A GOOD LAUGH THIS IS THE ONE. I DON'T LIKE ANIMATED MOVIES BUT THIS IS SOOOOOOO FUNNY. THE CHARACTERS AND HUMOR CAN'T MAKE YOU FEEL SAD AT ALL. A GOOD FLICK AFTER A TOUGH DAY AT THE OFFICE.
543 neutral  JUST CUZ IT'S A CARTOON Just cuz it's a cartoon, and about the holiday's, does not make it a family movie. The movie was everything I expected, no real surprises. That said I do not feel the adult content shuold be used to grade the movie. My kids will not be seeing this for some time. My copy has PG-13 PARENTS STRONGLY CAUTIONED clearly stated on the back.
544 positivo  this is the best i havent gotten the tape yet but when i first saw the movie in theaters i was dying to get the dvd when it was going to come out well it has been like what 2 years? since i saw it and it is finally here well you know this is goin be on my wish list for christmas lol
545 positivo  Great! Here it is. Another Sandler movie... First "Littly Nicky"; a movie I saw 3 times and bought on DVD because I liked it so much, yet critcics despised it. Why? I haven't a clue. I enjoyed it. Then, there's this Summer's "Mr. Deeds". Yeah, his most underrated one yet. It's not his best, but I wouldn't have bombed it like everyone else did. Now this. A great Christmas movie. An animated Adam Sandler movie. Of course I didn't expect critics to like this. So I ignored the 1-Star rating in the newspaper, saw it with a friend, and laughed...Davey, a 30-something Jewish man, who hates the holidays, once again tries to turn this season into another catastrophe. But this time he goes too far. He's taken to court, where he's sentenced to twenty years, but a little, fat old man stands up for him. He takes him under his wing, and promises to turn Davey into a normal person. Does it work? Well, I won't spoil the movie, but you can probably tell anyway...
546 positivo  yall critics are [not very smart] this is the best movie ever made and also the funniest comedy ever. it is truly adam sandlers best work with billy madison and happy gilmore close behind. every sandler fan will love it. my brothers and i definetly did. i actually laughed so hard i had a headache after it was over and now it wasnt because this movie was stupid.
547 positivo  Best Animated Chanukah Movie thats rated PG-13 Adam Sandler has done it agian. No, not make another bad movie, but rather an interesting film about Chanukah and that other holiday. This movie will make you laugh, cry, and go home with a warm feeling in your pants.
548 positivo  awesome! AMAZING, STUPENDOUS, HILARIOUS, FANTASTIC, BRILLIANT, WONDERFULLY ILLUSTRATED PIECE OF GENIUS. I love this movie muy mucho!! I highly recommend it.
549 positivo  great i think it is a great comidy just anther adam sandler if you dont like him then this prob isnt a great movie for you but i would still try it
550 positivo  Great Job It was a gift for my husband who always wanted the DVD. It was great, and he watched it soon as he got it out the envelop.
551 negativo  Two Tedious Hours The early success of Adam Sandler's films gave him this mistaken impression that he was an actor and a writer. This film proves he is neither - and a grating voice-over guy to boot. I enjoyed Happy Gilmore and to a much lesser degree, Little Nicky and Big Daddy. But Sandler is a one-trick pony. We've all seen the trick, so it's just not interesting anymore. I thought this might be the one Hanukah film in a world of X-mas fare. It has nothing to do with the holiday and is definitely not for kids.
552 positivo  80 crazy minutes You have to realize two things to enjoy this movie.PG-13 films are typically not for children. Parents seem to think just because its animated means "hey take the kids." Well how about we think a little BEFORE we go running to the theatre? Complains about that are just unfounded. The rating says it all, PAY ATTENTION.The second thing you must realize is that this is an ADAM SANDLER movie, like his earlier films. Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore, all crude and rude, get over it. That was his style and he brought it back to make one of the funniest adult animated movies ever. The jokes here are classic, from whiteys seizures to him doing the robot in the middle of a basketball game. His sister eleanor has the cutest voice which I've been imitating ever since I saw the movie. The townsfolk are a scream, with rob schneider as an asian waiter. and jon lovitz as a man with a hook for a hand. This is a very unconventional Hannukah movie for the holidays. Sure it's gross, but if your offended than go rent the Ya Ya Sisterhood or some crap like that.This one is for the guys, not for parents or children. Next time read the rating before you complain. Don't believe all the crap, this movie was HILARIOUS. If you like Kevin Smith movies or Adam sandler movies than see this and bust a gut laughing. (hopefully not literally)
553 positivo  Enjoyable Adam Sandler I really enjoyed this movie. Unlike The Wedding Singer, the humor was a bit more locker room gross-out, but like the Wedding Singer, it was filled with sentiment and heart. An angry Scrooge-like Jewish man learns to grieve, let go, and love the holidays again. No, it's not for small kids. That's why it's rated PG-13. Sandler shows tremendous talent and versatility as the voices of Davy, Eleanor and Whitey, the latter two being annoying elderly fraternal twins whom Davy grows to love despite their freakishness. Rob Schneider, Jon Lovitz, Kevin Nieland add their talent, as well as cameos by Tyra Banks and rock singer Ann Wilson as Davy's mom. Alison Krauss lends her sweetness as the singing voice of Jennifer, Davy's childhood love, now a single mom. The music is the most outstanding part of this film. The lyrics are silly and goofy, but also clever, and the song structures are dynamic and hooky, and will stay with you afterward. If you go into this movie realizing it's not a white-washed Disney flick for the kids, but it's a funny, sometimes gross, but sensitive Christmas story that tackles somewhat-adult issues, like why some people hate the holidays, I think you'll enjoy it almost as much as I did. It's also loaded with special features that are worthwhile, too.
554 positivo  Many reviewers are taking this way too seriously; loved it! Okay, so the movie is crude and not suitable for kids. I have two things to say to that: (1)not only is the film rated PG-13, but in today's age of ultra-descriptive ratings explanations courtesy of the MPAA, they even let you know in the rating description that this movie contains crude humor. And (2) this is Adam Sandler, people. It's not Jimmy Stewart or Tom Hanks. It's a comedian/actor who's built his career on crude humor, so if you mis-gauged what the tone of this flick would be, it's your own fault. I thought it was great. I think it was purposely made to appear like a family movie but actually be crude, just to be ironic and clever.I'm surprised people are so quick to say all that's wrong with this movie, yet no one seems to give kudos to Sandler for making a holiday movie that's focused on Hanukkah, an often overlooked holiday in the mainstream entertainment industry. I'm not saying this movie has some deep, revelatory moral center that pays homage to the Jewish faith, I'm just citing it as another example of the refreshing way Sandler crafted an entertainingly irreverent holiday spoof flick.Take movies for what they are. If you don't like them, fine - we're all entitled to our own opinions. But to criticize a film for not measuring up to the misjudged idea of what you thought it would be is just plain silly. You'll get no sympathy from me just because you ignorantly plopped your 9 year old kid in front of this movie.
555 positivo  Jerry Lewis is Alive and Well I make no secret the fact that I think Adam Sandler has inherited the comic mantle of Jerry Lewis, and I think Adam would consider that a compliment. Were the ghost of Lewis to drop in for a holiday screening of this film, however, I think he'd say, "It's a good film, Adam, but it could have been great." How could it have been great? With a little restraint, instead of playing for the South Park/ Family Guy crowd, this could have been a family film. We desperately need a funny holiday special, not more schmaltzy ones, and this could have been it. Adam Sandler knows it too. He very much caught the spirit of Mr. Deeds. He shone in Big Daddy. He brilliantly calls his production company Happy Madison, saying heck if you didn't like Billy Madison (I did by the way), and refusing to be typecast as Happy Gilmore.It also took guts to "play" Davy, not just voice him, as with the usual animation voiceovers. Davy is conflicted and Adam plays him that way. There are hints and tributes to "It's a Wonderful Life," but there are also echoes of a Jerry Lewis film called "The Delinquent". This is a PG-13 film merely for the reason that Adam had the bad luck of working when films and TV lack the restraint and limits that Lewis and earlier comedians worked within and which make for great art.So thanks to that rating, kids won't get to see Davy struggle with tough breaks and big questions. Nor will they see the opening scene of a Chanukah menorah and nativity scene coexisting side by side. They won't even get to hear the third version of Sandler's witty "Chanukah Song". What they'll get instead is more innocuous clones of someone saving Christmas by rescuing Santa Clause from the Martians or whoever his captors are this year.That leaves us with only A Christmas Story. Jean Shepherd, who writes his books for adults, restrained himself to make this movie family- friendly and came up with a holiday classic. Paul Reubens breathed new life into Saturday Morning by making Pee Wee's Playhouse into a kids' show. And when Davy-- I mean Adam-- decides to use his talents for kids, he'll be another Jerry Lewis.
556 positivo  Adam Sandler is great as a cartoon!!! This movie is absolutely hilarious. Although my friends are questioning my character (hah) for loving this kinda-gross, politically incorrect movie, it's the best, and I watch it whenever I need a good laugh. It's definitely not for kids though, and not for the sensitive. Oh, and if you can't stand poop, don't watch it. Hah.
557 neutral  Occasionally funny; a little touching Summary:The beginning of the story, which is related near the end of the movie, is that of a bright and energetic young man who loses his parents in a tragic accident then undergoes a drastic personality change, turning from the town hero into the town zero. This now grown man, Davey Stone (voice - Adam Sandler), is constantly getting into trouble and doesn't really seem to care.As the town's Christmas celebrations get underway, Davey creates a ruckus running from the police and lands himself in court, where he is about to receive a strict punishment, only for the local town do-gooder, Whitey (voice - Adam Sandler), to step in and volunteer to reform Davey by making him help referee the youth basketball games (where he used to be the star). The judge agrees and Davey is now forced to spend his time refereeing. Whitey also does his best to befriend Davey, but only really gets the chance when Davey makes a fool out of some guys at the local gym who retaliate by burning down his trailer.Davey is then invited to and decides to move in with Whitey and his spinster sister, Eleanore (voice - Adam Sandler). Slowly, Eleanore and Whitey work their way into Davey's life, only to burn their inroads when Whitey innocently relates the story of what happened to Davey's parents. As Davey's inability to deal with this part of his past is the cause of his misbehavior, Whitey's recounting of the story turns him back into the anti-social jerk and leads him to rudely criticize Whitey.Doing his best to brush off the criticism, Whitey then heads for home to get ready for the town's annual Christmas banquet. Whitey, as the town do-gooder, has been trying for years to win the town's prestigious ribbon given for outstanding service to the basketball league. Whitey and Eleanore dress in their finest, fully believing that this year will be Whitey's triumph. When he doesn't win, Davey's haunting criticisms come back and Whitey finally realizes that the townspeople really don't seem to care about him and all of the things he does for them. Crushed, he leaves with Eleanor to find solace in the mall. But Davey, having experienced a change of heart (also in the mall; Adam Sandler must have some strange mall fixation), bursts into the town celebration and gives them a powerful lecture on how they have overlooked Whitey, who has only been nice to everyone his entire life. The townspeople finally come to their senses and realize their mistake. They race to the mall and bestow upon Whitey the ribbons he truly deserves (he gets them from all the years he should have won them, which are all of them), resulting in a rather touching climax where Whitey's years of service are finally recognized.My Comments:I almost hate to admit it, but I was actually touched by this movie. It did such a good job of making Whitey a lovable but pathetic character who only experiences frustrating defeats that you can only feel sorry for him. In my more humanitarian moments (like right now as I write this), I am inclined to see Whitey as a representation of the average man (though heavily laden with pitiable characteristics) and this movie as being about how those people who do so much for society are often overlooked. This is especially true considering the person who wins the ribbon during the celebration is a billionaire who shelled out a pittance (for him) to buy a new scoreboard, as compared to Whitey's immeasurable time contributions (basically a variation of the Widow's mite story from the New Testament).But the movie isn't without its problems. The biggest one is really something my wife pointed out early on: Who is the movie targeting? I mean, it seems most movies have an intended audience and/or a specific genre (action, drama, young girls, etc.), but this one doesn't really seem to have either. Because it's a cartoon you might think young kids. But this is really a cross between the Simpsons and South Park in crudeness, which means you can rule out children under 10. Teenagers may find it too cheesy to bear, and adults likely won't find it initially engaging, meaning you've lost all of your potential audiences. However, if you can make it through the first 30 minutes or so until you really get to know Whitey and fall in love with his character, the movie may suck you in, but you really do have to give it a lot of leeway.As far as the story goes, it's not perfect and I don't think it has any pretenses to be perfect. Where is Davey's extended family? What happens between him and his former girlfriend? Why is Davey such a jerk? Even without answering these questions, the story works, but it does take a while to get your attention.Overall, I didn't have very high expectations going into this movie and I really wasn't sure what to expect as it seemed to be some sort of hybrid Hanukah/Christmas movie. I didn't end up loving the movie, but it was better than I thought it was going to be and I was actually touched by the story, though I was touched more by Whitey than by Davey. It definitely isn't a movie for young kids, but some adolescents may enjoy and young adults may as well. It's probably a bit too crass for older adults to appreciate it, but you might be surprised.
558 positivo  I LIKED this movie!!!! I don't know WHY this movie is getting so poo pooed, I'm not a big Adam Sandler fan but I found this movie to be cute, funny & sweet!It's a cartoon for God's sake!I thought the animation was great and I adore Whitey! Sue me but I for one LIKED THIS MOVIE! Rasberries to those who OVER analized and critisized it!
559 negativo  AWESOME. This is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen. Great characters, great animation, great story. It has a moral but is by no means preachy, and is very funny. I would reccomend this to everyone.
560 positivo  Finally a cartoon that teens and adults can just enjoy This is one of the best idea's in movie history and what's good about it is they got Adam Sandler. If your looking for an animated movie to laugh at and not fell like a little kid get this movie is for you. What's good about this is it's funny and the animation is real good to. The one part you can enjoy most about this movie is it is PG-13 which is rare these days, people want to trip about it mostly parents and when that comes up you wonder if they ever heard of something like rating meaning they tell you who it's for and everything cause it says it on the box it's not for children. This is defiantly a movie to pass the time and escape with they guys who wrote this were daring which is a real good thing. I really enjoy PG-13 cartoon movies cause it can be fun and have a reason for it's humor and it dosen't have to hold back. This is a real good movie so go and get it.
561 positivo  entertaining, but not for everybody Although, in a certain sense I did not like this movie - one thing that I did find that I did like was that it was entertaining. It's a daring movie that take a rare look at what we've been missing in today's corperate -hectic (kiss butt) culture. And that is emotional honesty. It's like a release, a drug, or even bad music that we enjoy because it allows us to express ourselves for who we know what we are to be what we are, and not necessarily how we act in everyday life. We definately need more movies like this (despite what some critics may say).
562 negativo  GOOD BUSINESS KEEPS PEOPLE COMING BACK AS LONG AS THE PRODUCT IS WHAT THEY SAY IT IS, PEOPLE WILL RETURN TO BUY THE ITEMS THEY WANT ON HERE.
563 negativo  Adam Sandler lame as ever... I was told that this was a decent movie.But I didn't care for it. I find Adam Sandler as funny as Jerry Lewis, not very...The animation was pretty good however.
564 positivo  SANDLER'S CHRISTMAS EXPRESS I have been a fan of the movies Adam Sandler has made to date. Are they cinematic treasures? Heck no! They're nothing more than fun comedies that make me laugh. And with that in mind, I expected nothing less from this movie, even if it is the animated adventures of a Sandler character.What I got instead was a mish mash of several movie styles that never quite gels. Sure, it made me feel good by films end but I think that has more to do with my feelings towards sappy movies during the holidays than the movie itself (see review of ELF).The story revolves around Davey (Sandler) who is the town jerk. Having had the chance to make something of his life, he tossed it all aside one fateful night when his parents died on the way to watch him play in a junior league basketball game. Now the town drunk, a run in with the law is about to land him in jail. Until a kindly, tiny voice speaks up.Whitey (again Sandler) is the town do-gooder. He has worked forever at the town recreation center with kids playing there since the days when Davey was learning his first jump shot. Whitey sees something in Davey that no one else does and takes a chance on him. He has him turned over to his custody and has him help at the center.But years of bitterness have left Davey hollow inside. He has no use for anyone. He treats everyone with disdain. He even goes so far as to admit that he hates himself. It isn't until he meets Jennifer, the girl of his dreams long ago, again and her son that he begins to even consider coming around.But as fate would have it, things continue to go from bad to worse until Davey makes the decision to leave town behind and make a run for it. On the night when Whitey hopes to earn the towns respect for the years he has given by receiving an award called the spirit patch, Davey hits the road knowing full well that it won't happen. While Whitey may give more to the town than the people realize, he is one of those faceless people that does it all and receives no praise. And if Davey leaves, it becomes just one more major disappointment in Whitey's life.Unless a Christmas miracle could take place.Now, while the plot of this movie seems quite simple that's because...well...it is. Surrounding the story of Davey and Whitey are the small tales of the rest of the townsfolk. The adventures and predicaments that the pair gets involved in as well as musical numbers fill it out as well. And what would a Sandler film be without tons of crude humor? If toilet humor (and in some cases here I mean that literally) offends or disgust you then this movie is not your cup of tea.While I enjoyed the comedy here as well as the animation and story beneath it all, I found that there was too much mean spirit running throughout for me to embrace it. The joy of the film does not come about until the final moments of the film, long after we have been bombarded with the cruelty over and over again. The ending does raise that warm fuzzy feeling inside but at what cost to get there?This is one movie that will have a hard time finding an audience. Most people over 12 aren't that interested in animated films. And those over 30 will not find the gross out humor all that great. But there are a few of us twisted people out there who will enjoy this one even if not making it a regular Christmas treat. Watching it once may be enough. But it is definitely for selective tastes.
565 negativo  One of the worst I have ever seen Do not buy or rent this. Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack. This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing.
566 negativo  one of the worst movies of 2002 god!!! what a dumb movie. the fact that Adam Sandler can do this is just wrong....never lives up to what if true and it down right smells like cheese....sick and demented jokes dont help its premise...though Whitey gets a few lifes...nicely animated but a poor outcome. think of this as a guide beofer watching it...Jon Lovitz, Rob Schneider and others contribute voices.
567 negativo  Nauseating! If you are adamant to watch this movie despite all the negative reviews, please do it after the Holliday season. This is the most depressing, sad, pathetic, sarcastic and cruel movie that I've ever seen in my life.Through all the movie I felt that I am going to cry and was depressed for the rest of the day. Basically it is a movie about a guy that lost his parents during his childhood, twins with serious genetic disorders and a single mom. How somebody could find it funny is beyond me.If you want to kill the Holiday spirit and get into a deep depression than this movie is perfect for you! If not - skip it.
568 negativo  Spare yourself. This movie is such a bizarre combination of morality and immorality it seems like no one would really like it, but there are always exceptions.If you're looking for a sweet Christmas tale, watch A Christmas Carol or The Grinch. If you're looking for potty humor, watch Beavis and Butthead. This movie tries to be both, and in the end, the sick humor and complete meanness just cancel out the moral message the plot tries to portray, leaving the viewer with nothing. Anyone who has the impression from these reviews that this is a "moral" movie, please beware, it is far, far, from it. There were glimmers of morality and good humor in there, but they were all but eclipsed by the nastiness.
569 negativo  Nobody's Perfect Everyone's allowed to flop now and then. No matter how surprisingly. I'm pretty big on Adam Sandler. He was integral in championing the glory days of SNL. His humor is sick, perverted, and offensive - to some people, that is. Me, I find myself laughing myself half to death at the most shallow of toilet humor when engineered by Sandler, whereas 99% of society looks stupid and superfluous when the execution of this type of humor gets into the wrong hands. If you think NOBODY can pull off a fart joke that's actually funny, make sure you check out his first two cd's before nailing the coffin. They get old, but thankfully it takes a while for that to happen.Then came his movies. One after another, legions of Sandler followers attended a decade's worth of 90 minute comedies which were diverse in storylines but similar in format and style. Fans couldn't have cared less about most critics' "2.5/4 ish ratings." Adam Sandler was and is a big pioneer of the kind of random humor that made big shots like Conan O'brien famous. Many don't get it, so they dismiss the Adam Sandler catalog entirely, though not before using some of the adjectives I demonstrated in the opening paragraph.But then came this movie. I missed it in the theaters, so I rented it instead of buying it - smart move on all accounts. The first time I heard Whitey in the courtroom, I thought it was Adam's ("Stone"'s) main character just changing his tone of voice amidst his rantings with the judge. In due time, my brain recovered and realized that Adam was actually voicing an entirely different character. This is a huge joke - and not the kind that Sandler was going for. I've heard much better, and more contrasting, and much FUNNIER voices on his cd's, and basically anywhere else outside this project. Huge mistake #1 is having your two main characters have almost the same voice. It's as if the one character is just speaking in a higher voice the whole time, and it's not convincing at all. In other words, that's one strike for poor acting.Huge mistake #2 is the plot. Whenever you've got animators involved, it pains me to see a great technical effort wasted on a failed delivery of entertainment. A promising youth gone bad after tragedy strikes - that's what briefly takes the main character on the tried-and-tired-to-death path of needing to confront his emotions.What audience is this geared towards? It has the aspirations of a child's movie, which would make it more forgivable, but that notion is quickly dissolved as soon as we start seeing the stereotypical Sandlerisms that always randomly invade his work. Ok, not for children. But the 3rd grade plot makes a viewer who is any older than that want to beg for 74 minutes of his life back...The movie's so short, barely over an hour, but 15 minutes into it I felt like time was moving so slowly, I was back in highschool. That NEVER happens with the always creative Adam Sandler, as he always keeps you involved... well, now we've got to change that to ALMOST always. I hate to say it, but Adam made a boring movie. What a time to have writer's block.
570 negativo  Adam Sandler's eight crazy nights I thought this was a big dissapointment! It is crude beyond "good taste." I wish I could return the DVD but I don't have my receipt so I'll just "trash it!"
571 positivo  real funny movie! I don't think the others seen the same movie,to give it a bad review, this movie is very funnyif you love the wedding singer you will love this one,sandler all ways has all his friends in his moviesand he sings in his movies this is not that deferent,the art remind me of the Iron gigant another greatcartoon, one thing in a lot of cartoons you don'tknow who the stars are un till you read the ending credits,but in this movie all the toons look and act just like the actorsso you look and say hay thats sandler, look its john lubics,look its the bumb from the wedding singer,the animation wasbetter then disney because each toon mimic the actors so wellyou for get that it a cartoon some times, and the Jewish dancethey did in the movie look so real.as for the songs they was made by adam him self the jewish dance songhe did was my faveorite,like all his movies it has a hart worming story,this one not that deferent, and to thosethat worry about if this movie is not good for the hole familyit was just like his other movies like the wedding singermr deeds, the water boy, if your family enjoy them they wouldlike this one, plus I seen it at the store two days laterI went to buy it I there was only two copey left,I was lucky to get it.
572 positivo  Funny, and a good comeback from Mr Deeds I've been an Adam Sandler fan ever since I first saw Happy Gilmore, but I couldnt help but notice that his last 2 movies, Mr Deeds and Little Nicky, really sucked. Sooo, I was starting to lose interest in him a little bit, and this movie would've been my last trial on whether he's still on my favorites list or not. Well, HE IS! This is like a twisted, animated version of "A Christmas Carol." Great songs, and classic Sandler lines!So if you're a fan of old-school Sandler movies like Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison, see this: you'll like it!
573 negativo  A very disappointing movie Its sad that a animation that is clearly made to attract children was made with such rude humor and disrespect towards others. How this animation could be recomended for anyone is beyond me. Shame on you Adam Sandler that your ability is not used for more postive purposes.
574 negativo  8 Crazy Nights DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!! One reviewer states, "the funniest Christmas movie ever". This could not be farther from the truth. I like many of A. Sandler's movies. However, this movie sucked really bad. It was crude and not funny (reindeer pooping and eating poop?...come on!). It was irritating and not funny (the old man's voice was so grating, it made you want to scream five minutes into the movie). Most of all, the movie was boring and embarrassing to watch in mixed company. I still can't believe I wasted $4.00 to rent it.
575 negativo  Clean it up! The Story is appropriate and some parts are really funny but some of it is horrible (sickest humor he's done in any of his movies that I've seen). Definately not for kids. I expected better after Mr. Deeds. Adam Sandler is really talented and there is no reason he has to produce such trash. I love the Chanukah Song! I'm not a Jew but it makes me want to celebrate Chanukah.There are only two real redeeming features of the movie. These are the little old man Whitey, because he loves everyone in his actions even though they treat him like ..., and Stone's repentence (for lack of a better word) at the end.
576 neutral  I'm BACK! O yeah.... i'm supposed to write a review.... yeah ...Anyway, Eight Crazy Nights is the exact oppposite of Adam Sandler's preceding film, Punch Drunk Love. And in the first 15 minutes of it, Sandler loses all "critical credibility" that he gained in his last movie... which isn't <i>necessarily</i> a bad thing...The movie tries to be too many things at once. It attempts to be a grossout teen-flik while at the same time, tries to be the warmhearted holiday film.Overall, if you like adam sandler, see it. it'll be worth... yyeaahh..
577 negativo  1 star, since there's no "zero stars" available I can't believe the reviewer who turned this off after the first 30 minutes. How in the world did anyone watch this for 30 minutes? So I only watched 10 minutes, but a movie that starts the way this one does is not getting any more of my time. My hairdresser highly recommended this, and all I have to say to her is, don't give up your day job to become a movie critic! Total garbage.
578 positivo  From how I hear it... This sounded like a VERY good movie when it was in theatres. Instead my friend and I watched Die Another Day. Adam Sandler has always been one of my favorites and I got a bit over excited about the previews and the fact that its animated. I havent seen it, but I know its a good movie. The CRUDE humor can appeal mostly to teens or children. Not much to adults. So maybe rent it if your looking for a big laugh or so. If you love this movie and seen it,then buy it. Its not like its a waste of money on a good movie like this.
579 negativo  Worst....movie....EVER!!! Please don't even rent! This is the first movie I've ever even thought about writing a review for in here. My hope is that people don't waste their money, or reward Sandler and the studio for this garbage. This movie has replaced "Caddyshack 2" and "Weekend at Bernie's 2" at the bottom of my worst-movie scrap heap. It was pure torture. I watched all the way to the end just to see if there was some redeeming joke or scene that would at least salvage an intelligent laugh. No luck. Don't get me wrong, I'm a big Adam Sandler fan. I even found Little Nicky somewhat humerous. My favorite Sandler movie was Happy Gilmore, and I loved his career on Saturday Night Live. But where this abomination came from, I have no idea. Just the annoying voice of "Whitey", one of the main characters, is enough to give you a headache. I think this movie is the result of a bet with his buddies that he could make X amount of dollars off of it just because of his name being affiliated with it. I can almost guarantee you will be very sorry if you actually purchase it. If you don't believe me, at the very least rent it first and save yourself the buyers remorse. The people that give this movie a 5 star review HAVE to be Amazon stockholders or buddies of Sandlers. It's that bad. Don't want to take my word for it? Check out these pages of reviews:http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/AdamSandlersEightCrazyNights-1118408/The green blobs are bad reviews, the round tomato are good reviews. Hope I've saved some money out there. Bill
580 neutral  Eight Crazy Nights While in the commericals, it is labeled as "ouragously funny" or "pure humor" I did not find this movie to be funny at all. Adam Sandler is my favorite actor and I expected this to be as funny as most of his movies are, but let me tell you i was truly bored by the end of the movie. The funniest parts of it, were broadcasted on the commericals, so by the time the movie came out there was nothing to laugh at except for how stupid it was.
581 negativo  Eight Crazy Nights I couldn't tell you how this movie ends, we turned it off after the first half-hour. Not appropriate for children, not entertaing for adults. Our dog even left the room. Don't waste your money.
582 negativo  Parents - Don't Let Your Kids Watch This Movie Someone I know bought this in a discount rack, thinking it was what it pretends to be -- a children's holiday cartoon. Nothing could be further from the truth. I could not believe what a disgusting piece of filth it is, full of perverted sexual innuendo. Movies like this should not be marketed toward children, and no matter what the rating, that is who they were trying to target by making it look like a children's holiday cartoon. It should be kept in the back room of video stores with the restriction that only adults could see it (and then only if they have absolutely no taste nor moral fortitude whatsoever). I can't give this as strongly negative a review as it deserves! I only gave it one star because they wouldn't let me give it none.
583 negativo  What Are We Made Of? Adam Sandler is a great comedian with a lot of talent, potential, and resources. He can do anything he wants and I'm glad that he made an attempt at making an animated movie. Perhaps he shouldn't have even tried because EIGHT CRAZY NIGHTS is just plain terrible. Other than a couple of scenes and a soundtrack that's better than the movie itself, this movie is horrible. I mean, the Farrelly Brothers would be hard pressed to come up with something as sick and warped as this film. There's a guy who eats his jock strap, talking deer who eat feces, a woman with three breasts, and a poor old man whose one foot is smaller than the other and is covered in white hair. Each one of these creatures receive no sympathy (well the old guy does in the end) and instead are used totally as the butt of jokes. Davy Jones' conversion at the end of the film is totally unrealistic and in some ways even inappropriate. This is a film only for die-hard Sandler fans and that's about all, however I am giving this movie 2 stars instead of 1 because of the kicking soundtrack.
584 neutral  a mixed bag but some of it is fun "Eight Crazy Nights" is like an animated holiday special as it might be envisioned and conceived by the Farrelly Brothers - rude, crude, vulgar, yet surprisingly conformist in its values and themes.The people actually responsible for the film are director Seth Kearsley, and writers Brooks Arthur, Allen Covert, Brad Isaacs and Adam Sandler. Sandler also provides the voice for the lead character, Davey Stone, a 30-something curmudgeon who hates the holidays and goes out of his way to ruin them for everyone else. As a public menace, Davey finds himself assigned by court order to assist a sweet, but addled septuagenarian who coaches a youth basketball team.Part of the fun of "Eight Crazy Nights" comes from the strange dichotomy between the film's crude humor and the picture postcard small town setting. This film looks like every Christmas special ever made, yet when the characters open their mouths...well, all I can say is that "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" or "Frosty the Snowman" this ain't. Some people may be offended by the antics contained in this film, and it is certainly not recommended viewing for very small children. But the film is really no worse in tone than the average Sandler comedy and the humor is nothing that every prepubescent boy hasn't heard or even indulged in himself (though the scatological sequences involving some deer are a bit much). In fact, one of the criticisms that can be leveled against the film is that it really isn't raunchy enough, that it wants to have it both ways. It wants to come across as a daring and iconoclastic image-buster, yet it can't resist employing the very same heart tugs that virtually all other holiday films employ and which this film is supposed to be a reaction against. Unlike, say, "South Park," which makes no concessions to sentimentality, "Eight Crazy Nights" loses its nerve and becomes just another warm-hearted and cuddly holiday-themed film at the end. That's too bad because we really could use a corrosive tonic long about this time of the year. After all who decreed that all holiday films had to be pure sweetness and light? Isn't running over grandma with a reindeer also a holiday tradition?Still, "Eight Crazy Nights" does have some very shrewd, very clever, very funny moments contained within it, enough to almost compensate for the conventional gooey ending - and it does a nice job parodying the musical interludes generally found in more conventional Disney-type animated features as well. Moreover, "Eight Crazy Nights" has historical significance in that it is the first movie I can remember in which Chanukah achieves equal billing with Christmas. That's a long overdue correction, I must say, although I'm just not sure that Jewish mothers quite had this in mind when they envisioned it finally happening. Oy vay!
585 neutral  BAWDY, GOOFBALL HANNUKAH HOLIDAY Adam Sandler's autobiographical EIGHT CRAZY NIGHTS (Columbia Tristar) is a rowdy, goofball mix of awkward sentiment and scatological humor set against a Hanukkah celebration. Apparently bad childhood memories compel Davey Stone (Sandler) to screw up the holidays. Will he find redemption? Hysterical voice work by Sandler, Rob Schneider and Jon Lovitz. Oh yes, it's a musical.
586 neutral  So stupid, its funny I went to my sisters boyfriends house, and his roomate bought a couple of DVDs and this was one of them. I saw it, it wasnt boring, but it was stupid and it was funny, I expected more from this film, but its worht watching if like comedy and Adam Sandler.
587 negativo  Piece of garbage Adam Sandler sucks now, too old, too fat, too rich.
588 positivo  Fantastic this is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a long time. the people that said it was bad dont know comedy. Its not supposed to be a feel good family movie, its supposed to be funny. and funny it was. buy this movie right now.if you dont buy it at least rent it. it is hilarious. you are not cool if you dont like this movie.
589 positivo  Eight Crazy Nights Rocks! Hey everybody,Holiday time is coming and this new movie from Adam Sandler is one of the funniest movies I ever seen. I mean, how can I said this without giving much of the movie away? Well Adam Sandler plays a 30 year old man who hates the hoilday season. This guy those a lot of bad things during the hoildays and his the type of guy that everyone hates, but yet from all his cruel jokes and pranks, his also the type of person that you love to know. So what I'm saying is, go see this movie, its the best movie I seen this year. Oh also after the movie is done, stay after to hear Adam Sandler new Hoilday Song.
590 positivo  Great holiday movie This is an excellent movie. I love it more than any other holiday movie I have seen. The songs are comical and although past reviews have said they ruin the movie I would say they make the movie more enjoyable. What holiday show/movie does not break out into song in the middle of it. Great holiday Sandler movie
591 negativo  This movie is terrible This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I suppose I should not even say that, because I stopped watching the DVD 25 minutes in. It was that bad. The "humor" is actually cruel, and the "jokes" are lower than sophmoric. What I can't understand is how someone during the making of this debacle could not raise a hand and say: Um, er, is this *really* worth our effort? And I can enjoy some of Sandler's work. I'm *not* anti-Sandler. But this movie just left me in shock at how purely bad it was. What bothered me most, I think, was the cruelty shown here toward other people, at other peoples' expense. Be warned: This is NOT a children's movie! And again, I can enjoy Sandler's off-beat humor. This movie is just a waste of time and ranks among my all-time worst movie experiences ever. In addition to that, it contains the most blatant advertising used in a movie that I have ever seen. The two main characters walk into a huge mall and the one character simply starts pointing out all the fine stores in the mall, one after the other after the other after the other after the other. I have never seen anything like this in a "movie." It was like a two-minute advertisement for Foot Locker, The Sharper Image, etc etc!! Totally bizarre! Do the people who make this shlock actually think consumers are this stupid. Heaven forbid.
592 neutral  I wish it had lasted 8 nights! Adam Sandler (the best comedian ever) is back again for the third time this year in Eight Crazy Nights. Davey Stone is a troublemaker in the town of Dukesberry. He is the master of mischief in the town. He hates the holidays. One day he messes up the whole town and is taken to court. There, he is given the choice of doing ten years in the slammer, or he can referee for youth basketball with the short man, Whitey. He chooses to go with the basketball. After a while, Davey starts a good relationship with Whitey. Will Whitey turn Davey into a good person? See the movie and find out for yourself. Adam's Biggest Fan (at least in MO) I'm off to see it again.
593 positivo  Great Hanukah/Christmas Movie! 5 out of 5. I Recommend this to Everyone. Adam did a great job on this. From the Voice Acting, To the Animation, to the Script, All were Top-Notch. A Classic.
594 positivo  cool this movie was funny and it was emotional movie this movie is a good family movie
595 neutral  Here Comes Chanukah! Unfortunately, it ain't too great... "Adam Sandler's Eight Crazy Nights" could have been a really sweet Christmas story with a heartwarming message at its core. Instead, it's a vile, heartless animated feature that swerves back and forth between naughty and nice, not sure what to become. Take, for instance, the scene towards the end, when the mayor of Dukesbury (voiced by Kevin Nealon) cracks a very unfunny joke in the town hall, and the citizens of Dukesbury start to snort snot all over their tables, and some deer outside get in such a violent fit of laughter that feces squirts from behind their tails with little *splurt* sounds.Does that sound like a good-natured family comedy to you? That's because it isn't. The film stars, in one way or another, Adam Sandler, who has finally found a suitable medium to let loose all his crudeness without (a) getting the film banned from every country in the world, and (b) injuring himself in the process. Because there's something innocent about cartoons. In "Eight Crazy Nights," his self-crafted character, Davey Stone, is on the run from the town police after ripping off a Chinese man (voiced by Rob Schneider). He picks up the lid of a trashcan and slides down a railing like Vin Diesel did in "xXx." It's funny to see a limitless and physically fit Sandler, yes, but right as the scene starts to become fun, we get a worn out gag involving squeezed melons that has been done countless times before, including last year's "Austin Powers in Goldmember."Davey resents the holidays, and he especially resents the "eight crazy nights" of Hanukkah, because when he was 12 years old his parents died on their way to his basketball game. Ever since, Davey has been the town troublemaker, getting stoned (hence his last name?) and making out with cars. (Don't ask.)Davey gets picked up by the cops and is sentenced to ten years in jail, when the town eccentric, Whitey (also voiced by Sandler), offers the judge to make Davey a basketball referee in hopes of changing his ill spirits. The judge agrees, but as soon as Davey leaves court he throws Whitey into a porta-potty and knocks it down a hill. Whitey emerges with human feces all over his body, and Davey then sprays him with water, saying, "See ya' later, poopsicle."That's why the film careens from gross-out gags to heartwarming moments and then back to juvenile bodily function jokes. You've probably heard a lot of people complain about bodily function humor and how bad it is, but this will disgust the most crude and vile audience members. I did for me. (Hey, I'm joking! About being crude. Er...never mind.)A lot of people hate Adam Sandler and his humor, but I think they're just all jumping on the bandwagon. Ironically, his "breakthrough role" in P.T. Anderon's 2002 art film "Punch-Drunk Love" has been praised as his crowning triumph. I, personally, still enjoy "Happy Gilmore" and "Big Daddy." His comedies are very basic but also, on occasion, very funny. I also like "Saturday Night Live"-type humor a lot, so that may have something to do with it.Is "Eight Crazy Nights" a bad movie? I guess. It's hard to place a finger on. It's mean-spirited and vile, and that's where the film fails, but when the film has its touching moments they are touching. Too bad it always has to ruin the mentioned scenes by ending them with lame poop and/or seizure jokes. Again, don't ask.
596 positivo  Pretty Darn Funny! Adam Sandler always makes me laugh very easily. I've seen most of his movies(Big Daddy,Mr.Deeds,The Waterboy,)and now Eight Crazy Nights which I have been looking forward to for a little while. The movie is not just laughs but also has a heartwarming style apart from it's constant crude humor. Adam Sandler doesn't just play one voice in the film but three. Also doing voices are Jon Lovitz,and Tara Banks. The bad part of the movie is that it is a little too short. They moved from when the main character was bad and then the next scene he's good. They could have shown what happened in that interval of time between his moods.The film is about Davey Stone(Adam Sandler) who used to be a great nice kid. Davey isn't the greatest person and gets drunk often and is overall not a nice person. His life changes when he rips up a bill in a resturant and rips the guy off. He gets sent to court and is about to be sentenced when Whitey Durvall(Adam Sandler)tells the judge that he could be a ref in training for the youth basketball leaque and Whitey's partner. The movie spans through the eight days of Hankukaa and also how Davey has to change his life with the help of Whitey. Whitey's story is how he is trying to win a patch for the person in the town who has contributed the most. The patch has been running for 35 years and Whitey has not won once.The movie has tons of crude and sexual jokes. In fact every single joke is crude but the movie is still funny and gets my recomendation.ENJOY!
597 positivo  MOST AWESOME ADAM SANDLER MOVIE EVER!!! I have loved adam sandler ever since I first heard the song "at a medium pace" and have seen every one of his movies except punch drunk love :( which I plan to see (even though everyone says i wont like it) this is his BEST WORK EVER!! Adam Sandler is Davey Stone, Whitey Duvall, Elanore Duvall (Whitey's fraternal twin sister), and the voices of all the deer in the movie. Davey stone is a 30 year old jewish man who can't stand the holidays and sings great songs about it! This movie has everything, a love story, a dramatical story, everything you could ever love about an adam sandler movie is here! so bring it on DVD QUICK!! :) btw as a tip, the comentary on the little nicky DVD is to DIE FOR!! check it out adam fans! thanks!
598 positivo  sandler is da bomb 8 crazy nights was a movie that was touching and hilarious. Adam Sandler was good and should be seen by families.
599 positivo  humor!!! Anyone who could watch that scene where Davey speaks on Whitey's behalf at the banquet and breaks out into song, without splitting his or her sides should just give up now. When the Irish cop and the Chinese businessman break out in the traditional "Bum Bitty Bum" number and dance the turn of the century Eastern European Jewish dance number I thought I would laugh myself right into Creedmore.
600 positivo  OH YEAH! This movie is laugh out loud, bust a gut, pee your pants funny! Holiday movies don't get any better than this one!
601 positivo  Great This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. Its funny, gives you a moral and everything. The only people who hate this movie are smart jerks who have no sense of humor or people that dislike Adam Sandler b/c he is Jewish. I don't know anyone that hates him. If you love to watch holiday movies during the holidays, this is one to watch. But it isn't for kids. It is a great holiday movie and a great movie overall. F*ck you if you hate this or Adam Sandler.
602 neutral  An enjoyable movie but missing something... I enjoyed the movie. Some of the jokes were funny, and it was only 1 hour and 16 minutes. The real problem with this movie isn't the crude humor, but the songs.I personally hate movies that just break out into songs every few minutes, and this is one of them. Basically I am assuming you can visit any other review for the synopsis, but if you hate songs then don't get this. About 25 minutes of it mabye is songs, just to let you know.
603 positivo  eight crazy nights-a fantastic movie This is a verry good movie. Although I would't call it Adam Sandlers best movie, it is really funny and entertaining. It's a story about a guy that doesn't like the holiday seasons.
604 positivo  AWSOME!!!!!!! i don't know why so many people didn't care for this movie. Its great. Evryone one elses re-veiws are wrong!!!! I would recomend this movie to anyone. Its not supposd to be taken seriously. Its a movie that'll make you laugh. It was great. It had funny crude humor, but it isn't that crude. To many people take it seriously. I mean, if you saw a portal-poty rolling down a hill with a short white haird guy in it with cirus feet, you would laugh. Another thing that makes this movie so great is that adam sandler wrote the song. The music and lyric were smart/funny. Great film. I think he sould make another movie with whitey!!! AWSOME!!!!!!!! BUY IT!!!!!!!!1
605 positivo  Oh God, I love this movie! OK, I'll admit that this isn't the most appropriate movie for children, but then again, aren't most of Adam Sandler's movies like that? I think that's what makes them funny; the crude humor. That's the problem with the movies coming out for kids lately: they're very lowbrow and cheesy. This is an animated movie that reaches more toward the teenage audience with a liking for bathroom-type humor and Adam Sandler's genius. A very memorable part from the movie for me is when Whitey was cleaning an outhouse for a dollar and Davey pushes it down a hill. Whitey emerges from the outhouse covered in human sewage and Davey then appears with a hose and sprays Whitey until he's a frozen block of crap. I love that part. "Smell ya later, Poopsicle!"
606 positivo  Pretty Good I will admit that I am not an Adam Sandler fan, but I have to give him credit that this was a very hilarious movie. I was not expecting it to be any good, but it was very funny.
607 positivo  Typical Adam Sandler when the movie starts, all you can think is " this is the stupidist movie ever" but as it went on i found myself being drawn in. i have to tell you that if you love adam sandler, this is worth it. its a typical adam sandler movie. if you dont enjoy his humor, its not worth it. but i can say that i have laughed hystericallly at movies before, but this is the first IN MY LIFE that has ever made my cry (from laughter). i loved it.
608 negativo  The thrid in a string of flops for Sandler Eight Crazy Nights is the thrid back to back unfunny movie(following Little Nicky and Mr Deeds) that Adam Sandler has made in the past two years. Eight Crazy Nights is full of toiler humor and unfunny one-liners. I may have laughed once or twice if these movie. They should have called Eight Crazy Ways to ruin a comic's carrer.
609 negativo  i want my money back Most likely one of the worst movies i have ever seen! I went to see this movie with about 5 or 6 friends, when it was over, we all wanted our money back! The movie is not funny at all. Believe me i love adam sandler but this isnt even a comedy, there are alot of sad parts in it, but they label it as a comedy. All this movie actually is happens to be is a fairy tale for little kids, huge waste of money. If you want to see a real adam sandler comedy wait for anger management or rent happy gilmore.
610 negativo  terrible movie I used to be a fan of The Simpsons, but now much more of a South Park kinda guy, so it's near impossible to offend me really.. The humor was good in some spots, but overall I fould it to be annoying and pointless. The emotion and general plot was pretty good, and I've always liked Sandler for his singing abilities and SNL work, but this movie was bad (some of the singing was okay, but personally I didn't like half of it). Most of the content is incredibly gross and could make you vomit if eating, but that's Sandler's great gold.
611 negativo  Not a Good Hanukkah or Christams Movie! This movie was terrible!"WARNING SPOLIERS MAY BE POSSIBLE!"Well it starts out with Davey, a drunk who is crude and mean. Then when he gets into trouble he's doomed to community service with the town migiet Whitney, (No offence to little people out there, that it not my intention to offend anyone). Whitney sounds like Woody Allen on crack, and his fernal twin sister Elenaor isn't any better.Well Davey does all he can to offend Whitney. That is until his place burns up! So he moves in with Whitney and his sister, and they set some ground rules. Then as the movie goes on, they make a big deal about Davey having little emotion, and when he cries it's all the sudden a big deal! And for some reason the deer in the woods talk, and help Whitney out. What or who is Whitney supposted to be Santa Claus?I hate the music in it, the voices are annoying, and the characters are mostly unlikable! So warning to parents, keep your children locked up from this totally bad movie!
612 negativo  The worst movie ever made Yeah, it sounds like a cheery holiday movie for the kids, but it isn't.It's mean-spirited movie that goes nowhere. It's crude and rude as you would expect from Sandler, but not even in a funny way. Imagine Sandler pushing a little old man in a port-a-potty down a hill so that he becomes a frozen sh*tsicle...then imagine reindeer coming to lick it off him and getting sh*t stuck in their teeth. Yup, that was in there and was about the extent of the humor therein.Please don't buy this. And if you do, BE SURE to watch this before giving it as a gift or letting your children watch it.
613 negativo  ive seen this before........... this is the worst comedy evericould tell this was an adam sandler movie right from the startit its a compilation of all the weak jokes from his past movies and albums, actors and songs put together to make a very dissapointing comedy. Had i known this movie was so bad, i hoped someone would have brought it TO MY ATTENTION YESTERDAY!!!!
614 negativo  A Christmas Memory I'd rather forget. First off I do not dislike Adam Sandler, I rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film, not so much because I like raunchy antics, but because of the underlying message. Adam Sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this. You can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting, farting etc, but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him, he is loyal to his fans and to his friends. Ever notice how he always gives jobs to Rob Schneider and Dana Carvey? No one else does, that's a good friend, also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich, evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films. He never sinks to there level either, perhaps that is why ECN was such a creepy, deeply disturbing film, I cannot, in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies,what was he thinking? Early on in the film his character, a drunken loser, belches very loudly in a Chinese restaurant " Ok I go take shower now" says Chinese waiter. I wanted to take a shower too, very soon after that scene. For starters Mr. Sandler seems to think he is a voice over man, he is not. His idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard. One can barely understand he is trying to do a character, and he barely is. Also he is the voice of at least four of his characters, he is equally bad in each. Perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house, he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something, he coaches the kids basketball team, he has been for years, and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him, he is simply there to be lovable, and put upon, he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face (as is the so-called humor here). The script calls for Sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end, there is no real motivation for his bazaar, cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them. He starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures, a menorah and a Christmas thing, I forget what it was. He is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one, but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence, he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink, I can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads, surly, even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book. Not here. Of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go. The film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous, mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a Japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms. He goes to the basketball game and insults the children, ridiculing one boy for being fat, the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants "nice kitty kitty" he squeaks, what the???? then an angry father gets on Sandlers bad side (his only side) and is force fed a jock strap "I hope you like them extra sweaty" Ho Ho Ho. For the next part of the film which seems like eight days, crazy or otherwise, his house is burned, he pushes his benefactor down a hill, in a porta potty which freezes feces on him, he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him, on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth. We are treated to this twice. God bless us, every one. By the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs, each worse then the last, fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad "If I move my bowls without using the spray....that's a technical foul" is one of few lines I remember, thank you God. By reading this one might assume, as I did, that this is irreverent in the good way, poking fun at old Christmas standards, but it is not. It is disgusting, badly written, annoying and very, very cruel. The two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly, for no good reason with no motivation or payoff, the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand, this is not always a bad thing. Of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk, a childhood trauma involving a car crash on Hanukkah, he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after. The same cannot be said for the audience. Why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate, who is the audience? There are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place, the over all feel of the film is one of depressed Sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness. Adam Sandler has been loyal to his friends, his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was, even if it hurt his feelings. This Christmas turkey won't even work as leftovers. Bah Humbug.
615 positivo  Not ready to review Haven't seen it yet, but my son worked on this movie and he did nothing but rave about it and Adam Sandler so it should be worth seeing. He said it is absolutely funny.
616 neutral  Loved the ending. The movie had some laugh out loud funny parts but it had some crude parts that I could have done without. It is an Adam Sandler movie so that shouldn't be shocking. It didn't take away from the movie and it had a touching ending so over all I gave it four stars.
617 positivo  Fun Movie to Watch Around the Holidays... I always watch this movie around Christmas time. Obviously, not everyone will enjoy this style of humor, but I personally enjoy it. Lots of silly, stupid jokes with some touching moments thrown in there, before Adam Sandler's movies were terrible. Haha! The Two-Disc Special Edition is a nice set as well.
618 positivo  Movie Love this movie a lot!! One of my favorite holiday movies. It's so funny and at the same time has a story line to go with it.
619 positivo  Excellent Movie! I looked all over my home town for this movie nobody had I was starting to give up ! So my husband says try Amazon and wouldntg you know it there it was I was so happy! The day I opened it I felt like a little girl on Christmas morning ! If you have never seen this movie I highly suggest watching it
620 neutral  ugh The packaging was coming off the back of the package and the box it was in was distorted. I wanted to give this as a christmas present but it doesn't even look new!
621 neutral  Funny yet very very touching It was a good movie funny touching the whole nine yards. But on thing I didn't like is I teared up though almost the whole movie.
622 positivo  how it works Love it. Works great. Have watched several times on at least three different players. Would like to have more movies of Adam Sandle.
623 neutral  Very funny movie but... Eight Crazy Nights was actually a very funny movie and will make you laugh. Yes like many of mention is has lot of crude humor and crosses the lines many times over in many scenes. I took away one start because of the scene when he pushes the old man down the hill in the bathroom. But I like rest of the movie and the ending was very touching when he opens the letter his parents left him and he cries and becomes the good guy again for the town. But this is not one for the young kids. But if you can handle some crude humor and some mild language then pick this movie up for a good laugh and touching ending.
624 positivo  Awesome I have been a huge Adam Sandler fan for years. I love this movie it makes me laugh so hard. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a change from the same old same old holiday movies. Two thumbs up:))
625 neutral  adam sandler's 8 crazy nights Adam Sandler's 8 crazy nights (2002)PG-133 stars out of 5Director- Seth KearsleyThe movie Adam Sandler's 8 Crazy Nights is a fun, humorous movie. Davey Stone (the voice of Adam Sandler) is a teenager that has a reputation for getting in trouble and for being misctuvis. On the 1st night of Chanukah Davey gets in trouble for drunk driving and stealing. When he goes to court the judge sentences to 5 years in jail, but Whitey, an old crazy basketball referee, insists that Davey do community service.Davey learns to appreciate the holidays and to appreciate other people. Davey turns into a semi-good person, by the end of the movie. In this movie, the characters were great although there wasn't such an original plot. The things that the characters did were unexpected, but not so creative.I did not think that this was Adam Sandler's best movie but this is up there. The special effects and the graphics were not good but for 2002 it was pretty good. All together I think that this was an ok movie.
626 positivo  Hilarious I loved this movie. It was hilarious and Sandler's fans especially will be cracking themselves up. I must admit that it is very crude at parts, so although the cover looks appealing for youngsters, it probably isn't suitable for the young ones. Although, I must admit that a lot of the jokes will go right over their heads.The message is good and the overall story has a message. I cried for Whitey, and I think any movie that moves a person to the point of crying is worth a watch. But it is HILARIOUS, from the triple breasted lady, to Whitey and his sister, to the deer (who's significance I really didn't understand).A must see for anyone <over 13> with a good (but stupid) sense of humour and a desire for a couple of laughs!
627 positivo  Fantastic A movie that makes you feel a lot better about the holidays. Although not a childish movie, Eight Crazy Nights is a fantastic Sandler movie.
628 positivo  Judgement The common thread of all the negative reviews about this movie is comparing it to other Adam Sandler films. Where, might I ask, did it say that this movie targeted the same crowd as the last. The sense of humor catter to diffrent people. I'm sorry if you expected something else from this movie and that your upset about wasting money on a movie that you apparently bought with blind faith for the humor of Adam Sandler. But to be judgemental with your main reason for doing so is comparing it is ridiculous. I personaly liked this movie. Not because it's a Adam Sandler film, not because I liked his other movies, but for the humor I found in this movie. I noticed this same thing in reviews of another movie called Chasing Amy. Done by the same director of movies such as Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back and Clerks, this movie got terrible reviews of how it didnt meet the exspectations of the viewers, the viewers assuming it to be like the other movies done by this artist. Far be it for adults to actually judge a movie for waht its worth. It's easier to write a terrible review, sit, and fume about it.
629 positivo  A Classic Christmas Movie I absolutley loved this movie. Even though it has the trademark Adam Sandler crudeness, it made me feel good and warm, just like all the classic christmas movies do. It's not nescessarily for all ages (it does get pretty crude) but I'd say 8 and up. I'm definetly buying this.
630 positivo  Adam Sandler is Awesome This movie is great, but having it on 2 disc special edition maked it even better. The special features are the shiznit.
631 positivo  Eight Crazy Nights Adam Sandler is one of our favourite actors,and this is such a funny movie for all ages why would you not want it in your collection.Some may think its a bit much for children under 5,But my children 9+ loved to see Christmas cheers and a drunken fool wake up to the real world and how not everybodys life is bliss.It was a great movie to laugh, watch and learn all in one.
632 neutral  Great movie,not for kids. When I saw this movie in 2002,I thought it was a masterpiece.I still do three years later on DVD.Let me give you some insite on the characters first.Davey Stone:The town drunk who drinks all his problems away and has been an alcoholic since the age of 12 when his parents were killed on Chanukah after getting hit by a truck.Whitey Duvall:An optomistic midget who is EXTREMELY behind the times,and is poised to win the "Dukesberry All-Star Patch",an award given out at the annual holiday banquet.Also his feet aren't the same size and he's covered with fur.Also frequently has seizures.Eleanore Duvall:Whitey's fraternal twin sister who wears wigs and without them "looks like an owl".Like Whitey,has feet the wrong size and is behind the times,example,she tries to cut a corn dog off the stick.Jennifer Friedmen:Davey's childhood girlfriend who has recently been abandoned by her husband and is raising her son as a single mother.Is 33 and works at the Dunkin' Donuts in the Dukesberry mall.She,in most movie aspects,would be considered "the girl next door".Benjamin Friedmen:Jennifer's son,who throughout the film develops a friendship with Davey.Mayor Stuhy Duhy:The mayor of Dukesberry,who's wife was once a man.Tom Baltezor:A man whose left hand is replaced with a pirate hook.The original winner of the 35th All-Star Patch,but gives it to Whitey.The Chinese Waitor:The waitor at the China Dragon,one of the more funny roles Rob Schneider has done in the past few years.Mrs.Selman:A woman with three boobs.Commonly refered to as "Mrs. Triple Nipple".Now to the meat of the review,the plot in this movie isn't really that good,but not very horrible.The one thing that I like,yet dislike is the amount of music.I really don't like having people break into song every 15 minutes or so,but songs in this are good.LISTEN!Even though this is an animated holiday movie this isn't for kids at all,the jokes in this are vulgar and crude,one example would be Whitey has his hand in his pants,and he says"my finger's in your mouth,kitty,but I don't feel no teeth".That meaning he has his finger up his butt.All in all,this is good movie if your an Adam Sandler fan.This movie is not the next "Gone With the Wind",but a good movie whatsoever.
633 positivo  Awsome Movie This movie is hilarious. I loved this movie, anyone who thinks this movie is dumb. They are out of their minds or they just don't have a sense of humor. But if you like comedy and are looking for some laughs. Then &quot;Eight Crazy Nights&quot; is a good movie to buy. The story is great and the songs rock. This is one of the best Sandler movies.
634 positivo  Great Movie!!!! This movie is a great and funny movie. It has funny things. Whitey Duvall is funny. The little old man really brings the movie to life. Davey Stone is (Adam Sandler) in the movie. He is a drunk Jewish guy who has no parents. He ends up living with Whitey and his sister Eleanore. This movie is very funny all around!!! If you have a son or daughter under the age of 13 I would get it. It is very funny.The plot of the story is Whitey trying to win an all-star patch. The patch means the whole world to Whitey. I am not going to tell what happens, but you will love it.
635 positivo  Funniest sad movie ever! I LOVED this movie. It had a mix of funny stuff, sad stuff, and gross stuff. Unfortanly, the sad part is about the kids mom and dad dying. I am a HUGE fan of adam sandler and I think this is one of his greatest work of art. Plus the DVD has great extras. For example: It has a ad. for the NBA that is very funny.If you have a kid over the age of 8, GET THIS DVD! (I would know because I am 10.)
636 positivo  Eight Crazy Nights I ordered this movie in the height of the Christmas rush never expecting to get it before Christmas but was pleasantly shocked when the turnaround time was a few days.Very pleased with the purchased and with the easiness of the whole process.
637 neutral  Funny I make no claim that this is the best movie ever, or a classic. But it's not without its merits. If you're a fan of Sandler and his kind of humor, you will enjoy this movie. If you don't like Adam Sandler, you probably won't like this movie, period.I'm not a HUGE fan of Sandler, but I have enjoyed his movies (50 First Dates, Little Nicky, Mr. Deeds) so it was funny to see an animated version of him running around. The story isn't all slapstick and lowbrow humor, though. There's a moral to this story (you just have to look beyond the humor) which may be surprising. This movie is not without dirty humor, but I found it amusing (like the basketball scene with Sandler, the boy, the fat guy with the jockstrap, and the two guys who had been giving Sandler and the boy a hard time) and Whitey and his sister were amusing characters. Overall a funny movie and a decent addition to any Sandler collection.This is definitely NOT a movie for little kids. It's a cartoon, but this movie would go great on Adult Swim. I understand that some of the negative reviews for this film are from parents who complain about its inappropriateness for kids. YES, it's not for little kids - but the only kid-friendly Sandler movie I saw was 'Bedtime Stories', so anyone who is familiar with him should not be surprised that this movie is not for the little ones. If Amazon let me give half stars, this movie would get 3 1/2 stars.
638 negativo  One of the worst films ... ever This is hands down one of the worst films I have ever seen. I used to be an Adam Sandler fan, but when he keeps pushing out garbage like this .... I have to seriously question my previous judgement. I loved some of his previous work, but this one was just way too much for me to take. I watched this with a large group of people, and we all agreed that this film just had to go. We made it to just under 40 minutes, so we gave it a chance.I cannot stress enough as to how annoying this film got in just those 40 minutes. The voice of Whitey (Sandler) was like somebody taking a fork and raking it across a chalkboard, pure pain. The humor was few (and I mean very few) and far between. The deer licking poop from a frozen Whitey and a trouble making lead role (also Sandler) were the highlights, and they just weren't funny but were billed as some of the biggest laughs of the film? Sorry folks I just didn't see it, nobody did. I was severly disappointed.In summary, skip this one and go buy/watch the Water Boy, Happy Gilmore, Big Daddy, or something else. Even that piece of junk Little Nicky was a ton better than this garbage.
639 positivo  Very Good Movie. This is a very funny movie. I just saw it yesterday! It has some sad parts in it but they aren't too sad. Whitey is my favorite character because of the way he has seizures. So is his sister, Elanore. At least this movie has a plot! You'll laugh non-stop! I did. Even my dad liked ikt. So see this movie today!Rated: PG-13 For Sexual/Crude Humor and Language.Running Time: 79 Minutes.
640 positivo  Crazy about 8 Crazy Nights! This movie is awesome. It is the perfect movie for the holiday season. I am absolutely crazy about Whitey, the old man referee in the movie. Elenore and Davey are also hilarious! I love this movie and watch it over and over again with my whole family. Something you should buy because it is great!"Smell you later poopsicles!" (A funny line from the best movie in the WORLD!!!)
641 positivo  Great Movie in my Top 10 This is one of the best DVD I watched in a long time it is very fuuny, great story, great animations and I love the songs this is a movie that you can watch over and over I watched it about 17times now and it hasn't gotten old yet so if you are looking for a great movie(DVD) to buy get this one trust me it rocks.
642 positivo  oh whatever.... I LOVED IT! As you know... this is probably one of the most hated movies ever... and why is that?? Because these days, people just want to see boring, crappy romantic comedy junk like "Love Actually" and "Two Weeks Notice"..... Well I don't care about the negative reviews, I loved this movie and I'll admit that I bought it and I've watched it to the point where I know every song by heart :)I think this movie is somewhat similar to "Bad Santa" (another hillarious film that is worth seeing), in that it deals with a drunk no-life loser who just CANT STAND the holidays AT ALL (much like me,,, seeing & hearing Christmas stuff everywhere gets SO incredibly annoying!) This is a hillarious story of a "crazy 33-year-old Jewish guy" who always has to do bad things to the town during the holidays, especially on the first night of Hanukkah,, and there's a reason why he's this way,, and he just keeps seeming to run from admitting that reason...(I won't tell you what it is, dont wanna ruin it :)This movie has great voices by Sandler of course, and Rob Schnieder is great as the narrator and the Chinese waiter... Also I love all the songs, especially "I Hate Love, I Hate You, I Hate Me", "Technical Foul", and "Let It Out, Davey"Believe it or not this movie DOES have a good messege behind it-actually a few- one is that you shouldn't run from your emotions, and the other is that the most ignored people can do the nicest things (which goes so for Whitey, the old man who helps Davey)I would say that this & "Bad Santa" are 2 great movies to slap the "happy-go-lucky" holiday season junk in the face, and if you can't appreciate this kind of humor, then go watch some Julia Roberts movie or some teenybopper movie like "10 Things I Hate About You"!!!!!
643 positivo  Eight Crazy Nights This movie was so good!I loved it, Adam did a really good job on this movie. The only thing I want to know is, what is taking it so long to come out on dvd?
644 positivo  Five star feel good movie, 1 star gross-out movie As with many of Adam Sandler's movies, there are two aspects that you watch. The first aspect is the one that makes you laugh and makes you feel good about life. Then there is the one that goes for the gross-out humor that three year olds giggle at while covering their mouths and peeking to make sure mom-and-dad isn't watching. This movie was no exception.The movie was funny and I liked the underlying message. Unfortunately, I had to just shake my head at all of the jokes where Adam Sandler and team/writers are reaching desperately for a laugh.So, if you can withstand that type of humor, or heaven forbid, actually like it, then pick up this movie. If you can't take it, don't bother... it wouldn't be worth it.
645 neutral  Not That Bad This movie really isn't as bad as everyone said. Critics, Word of Mouth etc. but while definently not Sandler's best it allowed him to show more of his talent through different voices and the great animation kept the movie going. Whitey was a bit annoying at first but you get used to him and the movie's musical moments are fine. I just wish it were longer, giving more time for the story to develop. Ah well for what it is it was good enough for me to see twice in theaters.
646 positivo  best DVD i've watched adam sandler was great with the voice of himself whitey and elenorbrsides all the singing i give it 5 starsvery funny moviebuy it
647 positivo  JUST a cartoon that tells a message....... I liked it very much! It not for the very young kids. More for teenagers and up.Adam sandler is very talented and it's made up of HIS sense of humor. So if people are NOT a fan of his,...I don't think they would enjoy it.I found it too be very interesting. At first I was tired of Daveys character being SO mean to everyone. But his heart softens at the end and it would teach any bully a lession!I loved the character of Whitey, (voice of Adam Sandler). He is so cute and lovable! His sister, Eleanore,(Adam Sadlers voice again), is SO funny!!! I love it when Whitey sings, "Technical Foul",...both so adorable!!This is JUST a cartoon that is NOT meant to be taken serious except for the heart-warming message/story that its trying to get across!...people can be so mean to the nicest people who don't deserve it!!!I REALLY liked it a lot. I WILL be adding this movie too my collection!!
648 positivo  BEST HOLIDAY FILM IN YEARS!!!!!!!!!!! 8 Crazy Nights is one of the greatest holiday films I have ever seen in my life. It ranks up there as one of the greatest holiday films with Jingle All The Way, Christmas Vacation, and Home Alone. The jokes are HILARIOUS and the plot is so beautiful. I cried from laughing sooooo much and cried from the wonderful storyline. This movie is pure genius.
649 positivo  Finally! Oh, my goodness. To all of you reading out there, I have been waiting for this movie's release date for almost a whole year. Ever since the film came out in theaters, I checked amazon.com every day to find out when it would be released and now, I know. Also, this DVD comes out on my birthday. That is cool. Anyway, all my friends who saw this movie and all the reviews I read said that this movie was terrible. I say forget those reviews because this movie is simply amazing. If you like Adam Sandler, then this movie is for you. If you don't like Adam Sandler this movie is still for you. This is by far his best movie ever (Happy Gilmore is his second best). This is a must buy for any Sandler fan. It is warm and witty and has the voice talents of so many people from Adam Sandler's SNL days. Classic movie. You can count on me being there at the store before school buying this. Can't wait!
650 neutral  A great film if you're in the market for it I loved this film. But you may very well not like it at all. Answering a couple quick questions will help you know whether you should stay away from Eight Crazy Nights:Can anything in an artwork offend you? Be honest here; there's nothing wrong with you if you can be offended by content. If you're the kind of person who might say, "I normally don't mind (or I even like) crude humor, but that just went too far", then the answer is "yes". If you think that an artwork can go too far, if you have any personal sacred cows, then be very cautious of watching Eight Crazy Nights.Next, do you like to think of yourself as being more mature than you were as, say, a 13 year old? I don't just mean, "Are you more mature", but do you pride yourself on that, so that you don't find joy in playing 13-year-old again. If yes, that's another indicator for caution.And finally, for people who actually are teens and who answered "No" to the above questions, do you dislike your crude humor to have any positive messages or sentimentality? If yes, use caution.It's not that Eight Crazy Nights is the most outrageous, risk-taking, potentially offensive comedy ever, or that it's constantly juvenile or ever over-the-top sappy. For offense and maturity, there's nothing here that's not found in the average episode of South Park. But maybe because it's an animated holiday film where many people aren't expecting something like South Park, a lot of viewers--especially the offendable and proudly sophisticated--have turned up their noses.Eight Crazy Nights is actually quite complex and sophisticated on many artistic levels. The animation is exceptionally well done--at least as good and complex as most Disney features. For example, there are many subtle layering and perspective effects, similar to Disney's multiplane approach, and often mimicking "live action" cameras, so that different focal depths will be blurred. The environments are lush and subtly modeled. Characters are fluid and well drawn. There are many difficult sequences, such as action and sports scenes, and they're all very impressive.Script-wise, Adam Sandler achieved a film that both mocks/spoofs traditional holiday films and manages to be one at the same time. It's not that different in theory from, say, Elf or Bad Santa, except that Sandler isn't at all afraid to continually go for the throat in his brand of humor (which isn't to suggest that Elf or Bad Santa are bad films--I love both of them, and especially Bad Santa goes for the throat sometimes, too). The plot has some similarities to A Christmas Carol in that the main character, Davey (voiced by Sandler), has an over-the-top, bitter, bah-humbug attitude about the holidays brought on by past events. Davey is even visited by something akin to supernatural entities at one point.Sandler's music and music performances are impressive. The focus is on silly/funny lyrics, of course, but at times, his singing and songwriting skills suggest that he could have easily had a career in the music business instead. While watching Eight Crazy Nights I kept thinking how much I'd like to see a Sandler penned Broadway show--that would be just the thing to help knock Broadway out of its frustrating musical and content conservatism.A couple characters, especially Whitey (also voiced by Sandler), take some getting used to. Sandler is doing one of his odd, affected voices for the character, and Whitey is designed to be disturbing and disagreeable. But of course the joke is that he's the symbol of positive holiday spirit, so Sandler is again pulling the rug out from beneath our expectations--something he does regularly, in many different ways, throughout the course of Eight Crazy Nights--and that's a good thing.
651 positivo  It grows on you... I wasn't really sure what to make of this movie when I first saw it this holiday season. Since than it has been on once a day for the last week (my son) and I like it. Everyone here seems to have a song they like, a scene they like. The songs are catchy (though NOT original). I'm NOT an Adam Sandler fun. However, I do enjoy Ralph Bakshi's adult oriented animated movies, so maybe that's why I like this.
652 positivo  BEST ANIMATED COMEDY SINCE SOUTH PARK I'm the first to admit that I was more than just a little skeptical about seeing this movie after reading dozens upon dozens of bad reviews on various noteworthy sites. However, I took a chance and went to see "Eight Crazy Nights" on Sunday, and it was by far one of the FUNNIEST movies I've ever seen......animated or not. I swear, I laughed so hard throughout this entire movie to the point where my sides were aching!One thing that needs to be made CRYSTAL clear is the fact that this is not a kids' movie by any means. I think the trailers and commercials for "Eight Crazy Nights" are rather misleading in regards to this fact. I realized this when I saw at least 5 sets of parents bring their children to see it.This movie doesn't try to be the next animated marvel. It seems that many critics fail to realize that, and put the movie down because of its mere simplicity. It's a simple movie with a simple plot, intended for a teen-to-adult audience, in addition to catering to Sandler's loyal fanbase.Much like "South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut", this movie contains profanity (not as much mind you) but it's there, as well as various sexual innuendos, and plenty of noisy bodily functions. lol.If you clear away the comedic purpose of the film, etc. There really is a touching plot to this movie. In short, a town troublemaker gets in deep with the law. With his back against the wall, a kind, old man offers him a chance of redemption and appoints him as the Jewish Youth Centre's assistant basketball coach. I won't give it all away, but the story gives true meaning of friendship and hope.I know, everyone's a critic....and I guess I'm one of them. But truth be told, this IS a great movie. It's not for everyone. If you're easily offended, may I suggest "Santa Clause 2". But for those of you who are willing to let go of your senses for 70 odd minutes and have a good laugh, then you really can't go wrong with this one. I guarantee it.
653 positivo  Tied for the best cartoon movie ever! It is tied with Beavis and Butthead Do america. They are both just as hilarious. The songs are really funny too. HILARIOUS!...
654 positivo  I have to give it five stars, even though it had its moments Okay there were a few moments that I thought the film crossed the line, but overall this was an excellent film.I thought it did a wonderful job of not just making me laugh, but cry and even more so think. Something I've come to realize after watching some of Sandler's latter works is how big his heart really is. From noticing names in the credits that I have to admire him for to just having a big heart.It isn't the best animation but given what the film took to be made it was lucky it got made. Here are points that I thought the film did a wonderful job of.1. Making its characters real, not some fantasy realm characters, but characters with defects like we all have, some of us have them more noticeable then others.2. seeing one of many ways a good kid can become less then a good kid.3. giving us something other then christmas, I was happy to see someone make a film about a Jewish Holiday and by someone that is proud to be what he is.4. for actually giving me something to show my kids, hey while many of you crab about it not being a kids film or etc. I think it works well for kids. Kids aren't stupid and they see the world for what it is and its nice to let them see the story that lies beyond view. Because we all know a guy like whitey that takes a lump but never lets it phase him, or a guy like davey that drinks his problems away, or even the single mom that is just trying to make it work. And if you talk openly with your kids and don't try and hide them from the real world then they'll ask questions and you can talk.5. Because Deer really don't care about poopsicles just humans.You don't need to be an Adam Sandler fan to love this movie. My wife was iffy but then cried, laughed, and shivered (the whole porta potty scene). She loved it and thought it was great and thanked me for chaining her to the chair to watch it with me.Don't worry honey I'll unchain you when I get back from the store.well that's my 2 cents worth. Adam you have one heck of a heart, one helluva [...] sense of humor, and a nice way of spinning things in.
655 positivo  The best movie ever!!! Man!That was the coolest movie I've ever seen and I want to buy it SOOOO much! But anyway Davey this "crazy 33 old Jewish guy" is like "the town bafoon". Adam plays Davey,Elonor who is Whitey's sister, who is hilarious and Whitey is the youth bastetball coach who is a really nice old man who does lots of good deeds including saving Davey from at least 10 yrs. in jail. You MUST see this great holiday movie! You just have to!
656 neutral  Childrens Humor Not Suitable For Children. I want to say first that I am an Adam Sandler fan. I loved him on SNL, I have enjoyed him in everything from "Billy Madison" to "Punch-Drunk Love". So with that in mind, I had high hopes for "Eight Crazy Nights". To say it was a let down would be an understatement. This is one of the worst movies I have seen in recent memory.The only thing remotely close funny is the old man named Whitey. He has a few lines that might warrant a slight chuckle. Sandler's Davey Stone character is so annoying, you will probably be tempted to turn off the movie within the first 10 minutes. If you don't, you'll be treated to jokes about hairy butts, a woman with three breasts, a man eating a jock strap and deer licking frozen feces. Sounds appealing, doesn't it?I am sure some diehard Sandler fans think this is funny, but I don't. Hopefully his first animated movie will be his last.
657 negativo  Oh good god no... I try REALLY hard not to write negative reviews on this site. I realize that things like music and movies are subjective, and I don't really think criticizing such things adds much to the debate. However, I couldn't resist in the case of "Eight Crazy Nights" because it absolutely sucks. I'm not Jewish, but if I were I think I'd be pretty offended by this attempt by Adam Sandler to milk the holiday to add a few more bucks to his pile of money. This movie consists entirely of cheap humor and even cheaper sentimentality, making no effort to actually earn a laugh or any real emotion. I chuckled mildly about three times during this movie, and I think that may have been because I was bored. I'm not some snob who only likes "intellectual" movies either; I've actually enjoyed every other Sandler movie except for the equally atrocious "The Waterboy." But this drivel is just completely worthless. All those affiliated with this movie should be beaten sharply about the heads and shoulders with blunt objects at the earliest possible convenience. Oh, and the original Hanukkah song stopped being funny about four years ago, so the third version tacked onto the end of this snoozathon isn't helping matters.
658 negativo  Nightmare Before Hannukah I love Adam Sandler. Well, I used to love him, before he made Eight Crazy Nights. Not only was this cartoon not funny, it was downright trash. I would not recommend this "feature" to anyone. "Eight Crazy Nights" was short on story, long on time, and wearing on patience. I kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself; I needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that I will never get back. Needless to say, I stuck it out until the credits, and now I have to live with the facts that I: 1.) watched the movie; and 2.) I'll never get that time back. So now I sit here, typing away a review I doubt anyone will read, wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie! HUMBUG! Watch "Ishtar," you'll get more out of it. Oh, and I only awarded one star because Amazon insists you give everything at least one star. I did this under protest.
659 negativo  Okay. There is a movie worse than Stargate. Let me start out by saying that I enjoy Adam Sandler movies. I like Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore. Sure, they're not great films, but they've given me plenty of laughs. So when I tell you that this is one of the most dreadful movies I've ever watched, you'll know it isn't because of some bias against Mr. Sandler.This may be the worst movie ever made. It is cloying, stupid, unfunny, weird, and pathetic--in a bad way. I could go on about the awful story, the grating voices, the cliches and schmaltz, or the bad songs. (Yes, Virginia, this is a musical. The worst musical ever unleashed on film. No, I haven't seen every musical; but you don't need to in order to fully understand the depths to which this film sinks.)Don't see it. Don't buy it. Don't rent it. Don't send any signal that they should make more cr*p like this.
660 negativo  very disappointing The movie is vulgar and not meant for children. It is a typical Adam Sandler movie, with foul language and raunchy humor. Not enjoyable at all.
661 negativo  Worse Movie I've Seen In Ages I gave this 1 star because they wouldn't let me have 0 stars. The movie is just plain horrible. The 12 year olds in the audience enjoyed the juvenile, flatulence and other bodily function humor. But, this was the same audience that was passing gas in the theater and laughing at themselves. It will be a long time before I waste money on another Adam Sandler film.
662 negativo  Sandler Strikes Out 8 Crazy Nights might have been a sweet film with a good message for kids, but the scatological humor, offensive language and explicit sexual references made it unsuitable for my 10-year old. The plot, on the other hand, while fine for 10-year olds was too obvious and simplistic for most of the adults in the audience. As a result, while it's probably not the worst film of the year, it is certainly in the running.
663 negativo  To be honest.... To be 100% honest i thought the movie was boring and too sappy for a cartoon.The old guy got on my nerves and the movie was just so unlike adam.I mean come on we all know he could have done way better than this stupid movie.Im sorry but i just think the movie was horrible.
664 positivo  stupid pussies!!! Holy crap, all you people who say this movie is too crude are stupid pussies. Yeah its crude, its Adam Sandler what do you expect? If your to square to laugh at this movie than you should go home. End of story.This movie is great. Its classic adam sandler.Buy it, its worth it
665 negativo  Sucks Yeah well this movie was just terrible. Sandler tries paroding the classic cartoon musical but he fails in every way possible. I mean this is a stupid movie, one song is about how great the mall is and then another song has the logos of different stores singing to him. It's almost a marketing ploy to get people to go holiday shopping more. The film also tries to make the audience sympathize with Sandler's character but once again it fails, we have seen the Grinch and A Christmas Carol too many times to actually care about this Jewish Scrooge. This movie sucks all around with cheap gross out humor that may have worked better had it been live action but that would have defeated the purpose of the film. And one last comment, Why the hell is this a double disc DVD? All of Sandlers good and/or funny movies are singular yet this movie is terribe and it gets the extra feature treatment. This movie sucks.
666 neutral  Thomas Is A Winner Our 17-month-old loves trains and Thomas. He and his 4-year-old sister both enjoyed this movie.Here are the stories included on this 37-minute DVD:Thomas, Percy & the DragonDonald & DouglasThe DeputationTime for TroubleA Scarf for PercyThe DiseaselEdward's Exploits
667 neutral  Inappropriate for young children In two of the episodes, the word "shut up" is used. My son is three years old and instantly picked up on it, repeated it, and told me it was a bad word, but that James and Duck (the trains) had said it. I would stay away from this one, especially if you have young, impressionable youngsters. I gave it one star, since the wooden dragon train came with it.
668 positivo  Made a special little 3 year old a VERY HAPPY! I gave this rare item as a gift to a Thomas & Friends fanatic! Eyes lit up and mouth dropped as soon as he realized it was the Chinese dragon! Thank you!
669 neutral  DVD Features Percy And The DragonOut in Augest06Storyteller: George CarlinStories stops:*Percy and the dragon*Donald and Doglass*The Deputation*Time For Trouble*A Scarf For Percy*The Dieasel*Edward's ExpliotsDVD Features:*DVD Game*Sing Along*Web Fun*charater GalleryAND MoreALSO Look For The Upcoming DVDsThomas Gets Tricked DVDBetter late than Never DVDOn Site With Thomas DVDANDCome Rides The Rails DVDAND DON"T FORGETThomas halloween adventure DVDTO BE COUNTINUED....
670 neutral  Why so expensive??! Why does this series need to be so much more expensive than most of the other TV shows? Especially considering these don't even have the original soundtrack. The first thing I think of when I think about My Three Sons is the great music that went along with the show, and it's missing from this way over-priced version. As much as I love My Three Sons, I will wait for the original version to be released at a reasonable price before I buy.
671 positivo  Trip down Memory Lane How great to see these old shows again! Watched this show when I was a little girl so this brings back memories. A fun set to add to your collection.
672 positivo  My Three Sons This is a excellent family series from the early 60's I reccomend it for family veiwing.
673 positivo  Great postwar look at a child's point of view As you might guess, this movie is centered around an elementary school. It's after WWII and now time for all the children to go back to school. This movie really gives you a sense of what it must have been like to grow up as a child playing on abandoned tanks and listening to all the adults discuss politics. This is a truly beautiful movie. Both funny and sad, it's definetly worth seeing.
674 positivo  A great family Christmas movie Christmas may be a time for joy and laughter, but Charlie Brown has the Blues. To get in the holiday spirit, he takes Lucy's advice and directs a Christmas play. And what's a Christmas play w/o a tree? Everyone makes fun of the short sparse "nevergreen tree" that he comes up with, until Christmas works it's true magic.This is a classic family holiday film. It has all the characters that we have known and loved our whole lives. This DVD also contains the "It's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown" story. It has English, Spanish, Japanese and Portuguese audio tracks. This is a great way to enjoy Christmas with the whole family or with friends.
675 neutral  A Charlie Brown Christmas VHS I have This Charlie Brown VHS,Charlie brown in hindsight looking at his attitude is depressing, but it brings back alot of memories, who didn't watch Charlie brown growing up? no Matter the age. Who hasn't seen a Charlie Christmas Special. or other holiday specials? It's great viewing for all ages.
676 positivo  What Christmas is REALLY about Not only a classic, but a classic in our home! We enjoy watching this DVD every Christmas season and LOVE that Charlie Brown learns the TRUE meaning of Christmas...Jesus' birth. A great video for the whole family to enjoy!
677 positivo  PEANUTS FOREVER This is so fantastic words really can't describe,I have to sayafter buying this from AMAZON I had to buy another,than another.Now I am waiting for Paramount to put them all out,A Charlie BrownChristmas is perhaps one of the best if not thee. The voices arefresh and delightful the story fantastic and the piano breathlessYou can view this really at anytime not just for x-mas.Everyonein the world should be a PEANUTS fan for everyone of us have aCharlie Brown,Lucy,Linus,Peppermint Patty,Franklin,Marcie,SallySnoopy and of course Woodstock in them.PEANUTS FOREVER!!!
678 positivo  Oldie But Goodie I still enjoy this cartoon as much as I did when I was a kid. The message is still a classic, and the music is timeless. A great way to turn back the clock and experience a simpler time, if only for 20 minutes.
679 neutral  Be Of Good Cheer Sometimes...many times...I get lost in the craziness of the world. As much as I try and remain centered in a place/a space of Spirit, there are times where I just temporarily forget the Love, the life, the Light that is within me and all around me and I start believing more in the appearances than in what's ultimately real; God. And I can tell when I do. I start feeling heavy. Not just physically, but emotionally. I get grouchy. I find myself getting irritated at the littlest of things and then before I spiral too much out of control, I look for something that helps me remember a deeper meaning to life and a lot of the time I reach for this beautiful and wonderful Holy-day classic.This movie is as old as I am. Actually, I am older by 9 months and nine days (but who's counting)and I really cannot recall the first time I saw it, but I do know that even now when I see it, something magical...something transformative...something wondrous takes place within me. Not just now, now that I am on a conscious and deliberate spiritual path, but always - which can only lead me to conclude that I was on a Spiritual Path even when I thought I wasn't.Charlie Brown finds out the deeper meaning of Christmas and maybe he finds a deeper meaning to life; that appearances are not always what they seem; that through Love, transformation always takes place. When people ask me if I'm "born again" I tell them "sure". Not in the way that they might think, but I am born again every time I believe in what my heart says more than what the world may tell me. This is why I reach for this film no matter what time of year I may be in. I am reminded of the simple beauty and innocence of Jesus the Christ's teachings; "Be in the world, but not of it..." and "Forgive them, for they know not what they do..."So many times we know not what we do. We have become so hypnotized into believing in the world that we forget our true identity, our true home. Blessed now are we the children of God and it is this God of Love in which we live and move and have all of our being just as this Love lives within us, moves with us, and has all of its being within us, as us.Y'see, it matters not how old something may be or how many times you think you might have seen something, if you're always gettting something wonderful out of something, then it is still a valid part of your life. That is why I am reviewing this classic in February. Christmas is not a once-a-year thing; whenever the innocence of Christ is being renewed in your heart, the "savior" is being born. Be humble enough to receive Its Love, and gracious enough to carry it out into the world.Peace and Blessings be to you and yours this Holy-day!
680 neutral  Old Chuck isn't feeling what he's supposed to feel on Blu Ray Even though this TV is now almost 40 years old, it has surely stood the test of time and is still relevant today. Basically, Charlie Brown is upset that Xmas has become too commercialised. He wants to enjoy it but can't because of the shallow, money-grabbing opportunity he sees all around him.The gang try to cheer him up by letting them direct their Xmas play. He finds it a major stain at first but soon finds it easy being an artistic tyrant. But they need an Xmas tree and the only one Charlie can afford is practically a twig. It needs a lot of love, which the gang sure do give it.Also this TV special also features something damn rare in Xmas movies these days; an actual dedication to Jesus. Now, I am not a puritan Christian but there are sooooo many movies that try to find the TRUE meaning of Xmas but none ever mention the birth of Jesus. Weird eh? Definitely one of the better Xmas specials and miles better thanMr. Magoo's Christmas Carolor Denver the Last Dinosaur Saves Santa.As for It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown when compared to the original this special seems to be less social commentary and more an excuse for gags. It's more cartoonish and has more obvious laughs rather than any irony or important things to say.There's another Xmas play in this 'un. Peppermint Patty is refusing to do any homework and is annoyed that Marcie is playing Mary and she is left with the thankless role of a sheep. Still, she's determined to steal as much scenery as possible. Charlie Brown is selling his old comics to buy an Xmas present for his wannabe girlfriend and his sister Sally has only one word to say in the play 'HARK' but she ends up yelling 'HOCKEY STICK' instead.More like a series of Peanuts vignettes than a real TV special. But still nice.Both specials are presented in 1.37:1 1080p and are much more vibrant and colourful than their DVD counterparts. A documentary on the history of the main feature is also included as well as a bunch of trailers. The Blu Ray comes boxed in a nice looking, glittery slip case. Definitely one for collectors.
681 positivo  Of all the Charlie Browns in the world... ...he's the Charlie Browniest!! I love Charlie Brown, and this Peanuts special is the best one of them all. If you ever get to feeling like you've forgotten what Christmas is all about, sit down with your kids and watch. Linus will gently remind you that it's not about trees, or presents, or plays. It's about the birth of a baby that gave the world hope. No one has ever said it better! Merry Christmas Charlie Brown!!
682 positivo  The true meaning of Christmas, for kids A Charlie Brown Christmas is my personal favorite Christmas movie for children of all time. The movie is entertaining and funny, just as the peanuts movies always are. Mostly, though, I love the fact that this movie pulls no punches when dealing with the over commercialization of a sacred holiday. Indeed, the movie comes together with Linus quoting from sacred scripture after Charlie Brown asks in frustration what the true meaning of Christmas really is.If you are parent who wants an entertaining Christmas movie for your kids that doesn't attempt to gloss over the true meaning of Christmas by using gushy messages about peace on earth and family togetherness, but gets right to the point of Christ's birth, consider a Charlie Brown Christmas. You won't be disappointed.
683 positivo  A Classic What can you say about this classic Christmas special? A Charlie Brown Christmas is a special tape. I'm 29 years old and still enjoy watching it every year. It never gets old. Kids in 20 years will still be watching it.
684 neutral  Ah, yes, a timeless holiday classic, but... Warner Home Video now owns the Peanuts holiday specials, after years of ownership and video releases by Paramount. And it will sell - it's a perennial Christmas classic, and deserves every accolade. But...something is missing...The original sponsor of this special was Coca-Cola, and, like many television programs and specials of the time, had sponsor bumpers in the program. Linus crashed into a "sponsored by Coca-Cola" sign, slingshotted his blanket at Coke cans, and the end credits wished us all a "Merry Christmas from your Coca-Cola bottlers". Due to broadcast regulation changes, children's programming could no longer include direct sponsoring, and the Coke references disappeared forever after the original broadcast. Therefore, unless somebody wants to pay Coca-Cola a huge amount of money, you will never see these portions, either restored or as extras for a true collector's edition. If you own a Paramount copy, don't worry about updating your disc.Oh, and the greatest Peanuts holiday special is coupled with the very worst Peanuts holiday special - it has never aired on network television outside of its original broadcast. The more you know...A great special, but somebody needs to step up and do this program up in a true collector's edition.
685 positivo  Charlie Brown on Blu-Ray is Brilliant! I realize by now, we all know what A Charlie Brown Christmas is about, so I will not detail the plot for you. This blu-ray contains the entire episode, including that snowball scene devoid from earlier releases. This blu-ray also contains "It's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown" and a interesting documentary. The clarity of both cartoons, but especially the first was shocking. I knew it would look good, but not that good! I don't even have an hdmi cable, but do have 1080i. It still looks amazing. The colors are brighter and clearer than ever, you can even see slight inconsistencies in the animation, that have always been there, much better than before.The only complaint against this blu-ray release is that they could've fit all the holiday specials on one blu-ray disc. Very true, but not every consumer is going to want each and every holiday special (in my opinion, The Halloween special is the only other special that holds a candle to the Christmas one) so it makes sense to release this special in this way.For all those with a blu-ray player this special is definitely worth getting. 10/10!
686 negativo  Incredible picture, wonderful content, HORRIBLE audio The two star rating has NOTHING to do with the show itself, which is the PERFECT Christmas special, hands down (each year I expect the networks to edit out Linus' speech about Christmas' true meaning.)Instead, I would recommend that people stay away from this Blu-ray for one reason: the audio.In an effort to create a 5.1 surround audio mix, the music in this special, perhaps some of the most well-known and most perfect ever created, sounds as if it were reprocessed into "simulated stereo" with a noticeable, horrible "echo" added behind the "center" channel used for the dialog.As the disc does not provide an original mono track, there's no way to revert back to the original audio - even if you sum the channels in your preamp or receiver to create a mono track, the horrid "echo" in the music track persists.If this disc were rereleased with a mono audio track option I'd say it's perfect; at present I'd recommend keeping your DVD copy. I'd have returned it to Amazon if I had known, and if I can save one person from buying this disc with this issue, it's a good thing.(For the truly obsessed, you could always sync up a DVD (with the as originally shown mono audio track) for audio to go with the BD's pristine picture...)
687 neutral  Great show, but no need for blu-ray I bought this show in the blu-ray edition expecting an incredible picture, but there was nothing special about it at all. The extras are nice but not what I buy DVDs for. There's no reason to waste your money buying the blu-ray edition. They didn't have HD technology when this special was produced and they can't change that. Buy the regular DVD and save your money.
688 positivo  Wonderful New Transfer of Classic Tale I love it! This disc is such an improvement over Paramount's disc, both in video and audio, that I don't know where to start. So I won't. And, it appears that they did use the first-year version of the film as there were a few animation errors that were cleaned up for the second and subsequent airings, according to the creators. I'm assuming one of those errors is towards the end when the gang is standing around C.B,s tree and humming. For one split second, Pig-Pen's head disappears, revealing Patty's dress behind him. RIOT! A true American classic.
689 positivo  The best Christmas movie, ever. When I was a freshman in college, I stopped typing my term paper (due the next day) so I could watch it on TV. The next year my roommate gave me the video for my birthday so I could watch it whenever I want. There are only three things that I need for the Christmas season: A Charlie Brown Christmas, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and the Muppets album with John Denver. And then, even though I am a college student and have to spend most of December studying for finals 600 miles from home, somehow everything seems right again.
690 negativo  Wonderful Show, but a Very Poor Version Let me say first that, yes, like you, I too adore this warm, wonderful Christmas classic. No Christmas would seem complete without it. But it is *because* I love this show (and otherwise would give it five stars without hesitation) that I'm forced to give a one-star review of this particular 2008 remastered/deluxe version. The reason? This new version is out of sync. In other words, the mouth movements of the characters as they speak no longer properly match the actual voices you hear on the audio track. If you already own this version, watch yours carefully; you'll see what I mean. There's a noticeable lag. If you're considering buying this DVD, you might want to wait until Warner Bros. gets its team back to the drawing board and amends this annoying error. Perhaps such a flaw won't bother some viewers; but if you're like me, it will detract from the beauty of this classic every time you watch.
691 positivo  Sure, Charlie Brown. I can tell you what Christmas is all about Everybody gets that feeling -- the disillusionment with Christmas' glitzy, soulless commercial barrage.The antidote to that can be found in "A Charlie Brown Christmas," where everyone's favorite round-headed kid tries to find out the real meaning of Christmas. Simply animated and told, this special little story reminds us why we have Christmas, without resorting to sentimental goop or silly humor. It's both funny and heartwarming.Charlie Brown is depressed. It's Christmastime, and he knows he should be happy, but instead he feels let down. Even worse, everyone is into the commercial aspect of it -- even his dog! When he asks Lucy for help, she offers him a job as a pageant director. He agrees, hoping it will get him in the spirit.Of course, it's a disaster -- Snoopy mimicks and licks Lucy, Pigpen grosses out his onstage "wife," and everyone dances to Schroeder's piano. Finally Charlie Brown goes out to buy a big glitzy Christmas tree, but he ends up buying a tiny scraggly one instead. As the others laugh at him and his poor little tree, he cries out, "Isn't there ANYONE who can tell me what Christmas is all about?" And Linus tells him.This DVD also contains a sequel special, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown." Instead of a real storyline, it's a series of light subplots and vignettes, based on the comic strips by Charles Schultz. It's not as striking as the original, but it is lots of fun.As the story goes on, Peppermint Patty struggles with her holiday book reports, and Linus tries unsuccessfully to tell Sally about the meaning of Christmas. Charlie Brown tries unsuccessfully to peddle wreaths door to door ("It isn't even Thanksgiving yet!"), and sells his comic book collection so he can buy his crush a pretty pair of gloves.And finally, there's an upcoming holiday pageant -- Sally has been cast as an angel, with only a one-word line: "Hark!" She messes up, of course. And Peppermint Patty hopes to be cast in the role of Mary, but is shocked to find out that Marcie has been cast instead ("Mary never wore GLASSES!")... and that she's gotten the role of a sheep."Charlie Brown Christmas" is sort of an antidote to those wretched Christmas specials they trot out every year . It was made with a shoestring budget and a jazz soundtrack, and after seeing it, the network executives believed it would be a massive flop. Well, shows what they knew.There's something in Charlie Brown's search for yuletide meaning that really yanks the heartstrings. Not to mention the climactic moment when Charlie Brown cries out for the meaning of Christmas -- Linus calmly announces that he can tell him. He goes up to the podium, and quietly reads from a relevant Bible passage. "Fear not, for behold, I bring unto you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people..." Its simplicity is what makes it so beautiful.But there's lots of humor too -- birds dancing with candy canes, Sally's Christmas demands, and disastrous holiday pageants ("Woof! Meow! Moo! Whatever!" yells Peppermint Patty in her sheep costume). One of the most entertaining subplots is poor Linus repeatedly trying to tell Sally about the meaning of Christmas, only to have her say angrily, "If I get socks again for Christmas, I'll get even MORE crazy!"Whether it's for the nostalgic value or the message, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is sure to entertain. An absolute must-have.
692 positivo  Excellent for all audiences This is a great video for having fun while remembering that the true meaning of Christmas, as Linus reminds us, is to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
693 positivo  Very Good Transfer to DVD Commenting on what a wonderful Christmas special this is would be superfluous: I would only be echoing the comments of all the reviews of the VHS edition. As for the DVD edition, it's a good transfer, clean, no artifacts, good sound. Skip the second feature, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown." It just doesn't compare. My only gripe about the DVD: they fixed the one moment in the original master that captured my attention and my heart. Every year, I watched for the moment when the Peanuts gang gathered around the newly decorated little tree and began singing "Loo loo loo, loo loo loo loo loo" to the tune of "Hark the Herald Angels Sing." As the camera pulls in on the left side of the group and pans right, Pig Pen's head disappears for one frame when they all take a breath. You can see Patty's orange dress suddenly appear where his head was. I was really sorry to see them fix that. I don't know why, but it makes the cartoon even more endearing to me.
694 positivo  Great It plays with no issue and the color is as I remeber. A must have for your collection. One of the classics for the holidays buy it for the children keep it for the grandchildren.
695 neutral  A classic! Christmas = A Charlie Brown Christmas. As a junior high teacher, I am thrilled to be able to share this video with my students.
696 positivo  Tis the Season, Charlie Brown It's that time of year again - the period from late October through late December where we go through Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas, complete with pumpkin picking and trick-or-treating, Butterball and football, and decked halls and snowfalls. In terms of entertainment, we have costumes, parades, and the Rockettes, along with numerous television specials and holiday music releases. However, nothing captures the pop culture spirit of the season like the Charlie Brown TV specials. Good old Chuck, Linus and Lucy, Snoopy, and the rest of the Peanuts gang epitomize the holidays like no one else.In terms of holiday music, you can't do better than the soundtracks to the Charlie Brown specials. As enjoyable as holiday releases by major and independent artists can be, they don't compare to the beauty and innocence of the scores for the Peanuts specials. There are several albums that cover the music of the Peanuts shows, but I really recommend the actual soundtracks to the programs composed and performed by Vince Gauraldi. Like the shows, his timeless Charlie Brown recordings exude the peace, contentment, and happiness of the holidays.
697 positivo  I love this movie Another Charlie Brown movie to add to my collection. My son loves this movie as well, always wants to watch it! Great Christmas movie!
698 positivo  A Christmas surprise I bought this for my son-in-law to go with a Charlie Brown Christmas Tree which I gave him last year. He was thrilled. He is crazy for this movie and has Snoopy on a sled that moves around while playing the theme music. It was a perfect surprise for him.
699 neutral  A classic Having seen Charlie and his friends through the eyes of 2 generations I must say it is always sweet and nostalgic.
700 positivo  Great Christmas Movie Charlie Brown and this Christmas movie have been holiday classics in my family for years. This movie is a great one to show during Christmas time for any age.
701 positivo  My favorite Even back in the 1960s, the true meaning of Christmas was lost on thosecaught up in all the commercialization of the season. Linus eloquentlyexplains why we really rejoice at Christmastime.
702 neutral  saw it originaly aired in ' 65 I turned the the dial on our t.v. set in December '65 and it was just starting I remember I didn't want to watch it because it was a cartoon then I started to see as it went on that it was about Christmas and it had music and a story about a not to good looking tree that Charley finds and nobody likes but in the end they realize all the tree needs is some care and attention and it's not so bad after all. it's Charles Schulz and the Peanuts with music and songs it brings back memories of when I was a kid and the world seemed a better place. this Christmas show is an hour long if anybody has kids they will like it and the one I have has an extra CD with more songs. and I was able to find Alister Sim in a Christmas Carol B/W, Miracle on 34th street and Its A Wonderful Life. all in B/W all movies you might miss on television you can have anytime. I found all of them on Amazon.
703 positivo  Love this movie I grew up with this movie and was happy to find in on a DVD. Glad to be able to get it at a good price
704 positivo  Christmas Classic Fantastic addition to any home at Christmastime or any time of the year. We look forward to watching this and now we have a copy of our own!
705 positivo  The Real Meaning of Christmas Even though this video is mainly for children; I enjoy watching it because after they go through all hoop-la about presents and decorations Charles Schultz brings out the true meaning of Christmas.Frankie
706 positivo  Nice restoration of a classic movie. Details, clarity and colors of blu ray version look great. Id recommend this to other people looking for this movie on blu ray.
707 positivo  Always a classic. You can never go wrong with this movie. Even my kids love this as a classic Christmas movie. Merry Christmas.
708 positivo  Wonderful movie! I loved this movie as a kid and still love it today. A classic. I would recommend this movie for anyone.
709 neutral  A Classic This Christmas program is one that seems to promote commercialism at first glance. However, as it goes on, the special shows Charlie Brown getting a small, wimpy Christmas tree. Why? Because it "needs him." He brings it to the play rehearsal, but is laughed out of the building for buying such a pathetic tree. However, Linus wraps his blanket around the tree, making it look healthier almost instantly. But it is only when the meaning of Christmas is explained to the Peanuts gang that they actually seem to get it. The classic reading of the Christmas story compliments the program nicely. All in all, it is a good show that shows that Christmas is not all about the shopping and gifts, but something deeper.
710 positivo  The remastering is worth it A childhood favorite of mine. The audio and video are sharp, making it all fresh again. My five year old loves the story and animation, and I thoroughly enjoy watching it with him. A great job of reissuing a timeless classic.
711 positivo  Great Experience! We are very excited to get this DVD! We love Charlie Brown! This product was shipped on time and were very happy with these guys! I would recommend buying from these guys anytime!Thanks a VERY satisfied customer!
712 positivo  Love the product but the Amazon ad was misleading I love this movie and bought it from Amazon because the description said that in addition to the BluRay DVD we would get a standard DVD that I could use in non-BluRay players. I was so excited about getting both versions!However, when the BluRay DVD arrived, I opened it, expecting the standard DVD would be in the case as well. It was not. I was so disappointed that I decided to return the BluRay, even though it meant that we would not have a DVD version at all.This is not common for Amazon, and you always provide a refund when a product does not meet our expectations. I will continue to buy from your excellent company, but hope you correct problems like this false advertising when your customers bring it to your attention.Thanks so much for listening to my concerns.
713 neutral  Charlie Brown Christmas I bought this movie for myself because it is a classic Christmas movie. Also it came in Blu Ray was a factor.
714 positivo  Great An absolute must for Christmas especially if you have children. Start a new Christmas family tradition enjoy a classic with your family and maybe oneday they will with theirs and make you smile and remember. Shipped quick excellent quality.
715 positivo  Favorite Xmas Movie! This is just the quintessential Christmas movie. The BD picture and audio quality enhances the experience for everyone. I highly recommend adding this to your Christmas movie library!
716 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas This is an American Classic and is very touching as Charlie Brown searches for the True meanin of Christmas. Wonderful for every age.
717 neutral  A Charlie Brown Christmas [VHS] This product completely fulfills my requirements for its ease of use. It provides the accuracy I require. It is entirely recommendable.
718 positivo  Always a Classic! I love this movie! I always have and always will! I hope to have this in the future when i have children so they can enjoy it too!
719 positivo  Yep! How can anyone not love this? Really??? Its Charlie Brown and its Christmas. Nuff said. Good quality product. Definitely recommended.
720 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas was a Great Christmas Gift! I gave this movie to a co-worker who loves all the Charlie Brown classics that are shown on TV. She was thrilled when she opened it!
721 positivo  A Timeless Classic! Still Relevant After All These Years! For a 25 min made-for-tv cartoon of the mid-60's, this is truly a timeless classic whose message is still all so relevant more than 40 years later. Both the main feature, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" and the bonus "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown" are destined to be viewed at Yuletide for many more decades to come. As one among the very many people in my social circle who bemoan the loss of the true meaning of Christmas and with the wanton commercialisation behind it all, I was pleasantly surprised to see a couple of cartoons that address this issue so well and in such simple terms that even a child could understand the distinction. The main feature brings out the message better than the bonus and it's no surprise at all that this is a very worthy winner of both the Emmy and Peabody awards. The only reason this dvd doesn't get all 5 stars from me is that despite the digital remastering, the sound quality isn't perfect and is in mono format and the video quality is affected by transfer from a deteriorating master source. But these are small complaints and do not detract too much from the enjoyment of all but the more picky video and audiophile. I note that they have attempted to do a better remastering for the Grinch and perhaps those concerned may attempt something similar with this dvd as well. In addition, with a total run time of about 50 minutes, you'd expect a lot more special features or documentaries about the main features but these unfortunately are not present here. Overall, despite these limitations of the disc, you would be hard-pressed to find a better way to explain to your kids what the true meaning of Christmas is. Highly recommended!
722 neutral  a classic Call me nostalgic, but this Christmas video remains one of the top Cartoons of all time. Children of all ages can relate to Charlie Brown's life as a misfit as well as his bewilderment over Christmas "Commercialism". His desire to be accepted and his quest for the true meaning of Christmas touch your heart.The early 2 dimensional animation is classic. Even children born with today's 3D computer animation are attracted to it. -And Vince Giraldi's music is jazz at it's classiest.
723 positivo  It's not Christmas without Charlie Brown Well let me tell you I am a big fan of A Charlie Brown Christmas! It just puts you in such a good mood! Charlie Brown the loser we all love to love teaches us the real meaning of Christmas with the help of Snoopy, Lucy and all the gang. This just sums up the happiness that Christmas brings to me... And contains the very cool Snoopy Dance! Check it out to help you get in touch with your inner child and find that holiday spirit!
724 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas Wonderful Christmas movie for children and also for adults.
725 neutral  Great TV, Fair DVD This DVD contains two Charlie Brown television specials, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" - which is wonderful, and "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown" - which is not. The DVD contains no other bonuses. But then again, it's inexpensive, and you get to own the hands-down best Christmas special ever.
726 neutral  Sweet and Classic This DVD is a Christmas Classic that should be experienced again and again every season. Charlie Brown's angst about the Christmas season is profound, but it's gotten even worse forty years later. The interesting thing about his troubles with the holiday season is that Schultz treats it with such tenderness while keeping a biting commentary on it in the process. That's hard to pull off.The only thing that can be said about negative aspects of this fun little short is that the animation is starting to look jerky and dated. However, when it comes down to it, it's not like anyone should care.This DVD also includes It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown!, a follow-up short made in the 90s. It's not as good, nor as relevant, but it's still sweet and hey, it has Snoopy. Snoopy always makes everything go from good to great. The animation is a bit improved but not enough to really be focused upon. All in all it's just a nice addition if you want to sit down and enjoy a back-to-back showing.--PolarisDiB
727 neutral  i grew up waching this since i was a babby and i am 12 now abd i tin hello i love this video i thught my aunt and her friend marna would like it and she did but marna was extremly upset with the rating of the whole penutts pack so anyway me my aunt and marna wached harlie brown christmas every year now 2345 5 years abd we koved it i liked it a lot too oh my word i hate to go to clemeltin park so i will not clode i will enjoy waching this video every yer just llike always last year was the first year aunt dawn had ever been late in 5th grade but in 4rth grade she turnd on the chanel where me my mom marna and my mom wached it
728 positivo  Great Kids gift This is such a wonderful kids movie. It is so great to have something you can pull out every year around Christmas and watch it with the whole family.
729 neutral  Great for Memories... but too expensive Remember, this is only a half hour video that you're paying $13 for. Aside from that it brought back great memories, and my children enjoyed it. I found the memory to be better than the real thing.I'm glad I bought it, and it's a part of my library for next Christmas!
730 positivo  This show taught me how to dance!!! Yes we all love Charlie Brown's Christmas because of the little sick tree, and Linus for putting things in perspective, but this show did something much much more for me.I could never hook up in the clubs because I couldn't dance. All the girls would be out on the floor with fellows who could cut a rug. Meanwhile I would be sitting lonely at the bar. Well no more!!!After watching this film I finally learned how to not only dance, but cut moves that no one thought imaginable! First you get the 'Frankenstein'. Remember the kid you holds his arms out in front of him and just walks in place? Bust that move at the club and be flocked by women, and copied by posers. If that ain't enough, just bop your head from shoulder to shoulder like the little girl does. I'm here to say that after you do the 'Peanuts Dance', you get play.
731 positivo  cute all right! very adorable and sensitive theyre alot the little rascals of the animated world
732 positivo  Great movie This movie is a true classic. Bought this for my daughter and she loves to watch the movie and read the book at the same time.
733 positivo  great! great movie and extras worth it and would recomend to everyone. a seasonal hit must have. Even better thats its on blu ray
734 positivo  Great I owned this movie on DVD, but needed to have it on Blu-ray, especially with the bonus features- which are awesome. good service. Good price.
735 positivo  Two Treasures on One DVD It is delightful to finally have "A Charlie Brown Christmas" on DVD, to be enjoyed year after year. The bonus feature, the 1992 sequel, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown", is also a great plus.In the classic installment Charlie Brown learns the true meaning of Christmas. In the 1992 episode Charlie Brown and the gang attempt to keep the message in perspective while working through yet another Christmas play, as well as avoiding the urge to get caught up in the materialism of it (well, Sally doesn't actually avoid it). :)
736 positivo  A True Holiday Classic! Every year since I was a child I have watch this program on TV, now I'm happy to own it. In this crazy mixed up world we live in, A Charlie Brown Christmas takes all back to a simpler time when we re-discover the true meaning of Christmas. I grew up on Charlie Brown and my kids will to. There are many Christmas specials we all look forward to watching, but by far, this one is the true classic.
737 positivo  My Favorite Christmas video!!! I love this Christmas video which I have on video which I watch every year when December usually starts like I did last year too and the year before that and the year before that I haven't stopped watching this every December for the past years which Christmas is my favorite holiday next to Halloween and Thanksgiving and you know what all watch it again this year when the season starts maybe even before Thanksgiving who knows. anyways go get this you don't half to watch this even if it's not December like me you can watch it any month.
738 positivo  Great! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen! It is so cute and Linus teaches you the true meaning of Christmas! Snoopy steals the show with his cute funny character! Charlie Brown is the director of a Christmas play! Aaaah! Well, grab your family, some hot coco, and enjoy this great Christmas favorite!
739 positivo  The best Christmas Cartoon ever I am 31 years old now and I have been watching the charlie brown christmas special since I was little and today I watch it with my 3 daughters. It just really gets me in the mood for christmas. I can't even imagine a christmas without it. I usually watch it on TV but this year I plan on buying the holiday set because it is a classic and I want to be able to watch it every year!
740 positivo  The TRUE Meaning of Christmas... There is only one word that can describe this video... CLASSIC. Made in 1965, this movie has withstood the test of time and still remains one of the best Christmas programs of all time. It put Peanuts and Vince Guaraldi on the map. The Vince Guaraldi Trio composed the soundtrack to this film which, in my opinion, is the best Christmas album ever. Not only is it entertaining, it has a simple, but important message: Love and togetherness is the true meaning of Christmas, not presents, decorations, and fancy Christmas productions. If you celebrate the feeling of Christmas, then you don't need all that superficial stuff. Charles Shultz was a genius in his own way. He found a way to deliver important (sometimes grown-up) ideas to kids so they can understand them better. Since it only airs once a year, this video is essential to your movie collection. The soundtrack is DEFINATELY an essential to your CD collection. I love to put up the decorations and tree to the music. It makes for a very sentimental holiday. The only downside to the video is that it is only 30 minutes long. But it doesnt take away from its message. A GREAT Christmas masterpiece.
741 positivo  Wonderful This Charlie Brown movie is the best, most masterful work ever made by the late great artist. This movie is part of the Christmas tradition - no less than the apple cider, the carols, and the tree - and truely captures the sentiment of Christmas.
742 positivo  Excellent Not only for young people, but for people of all ages. It's a true classic that I grew up with since I can remember. It's something I will cherish the rest of my life.
743 positivo  The best Man, this special makes me so sad, but in a good way. I'm all man but every time I watch this I tear up. It's just so good and sweet and innocent. Charles Schultz really is a genius. Not that the Peanuts have the answers to all the world's problems or anything, but the Peanuts, and especially the Christmas special, are just so pure and good. And it's funny too, the characters are just so well defined after having been around for so long that their gags are really unique to each character. It's a great video and people should be strapped to a chair with their eyes forced open once a year to watch this special. It should be used to de-program violent criminals. It captures everything that's good and bad about the holidays.
744 positivo  The Ultimate Classic Anyone who doesn't love this video must have a stone heart because it is truly one of the all-time greatest Christmas stories ever made. Young or old, it is a treasure for everyone. I have watched it since I was very young, and this year I will have the pleasure of introducing it to my son. Don't pass this one up, Merry Christmas!
745 positivo  excellent it is very nice to be able to get these old favorites on DVD and to be able to share them with my grandkids. The quality on the DVD's was great.ThanksCathy
746 positivo  One of the all-time greats There's no other way to describe A Charlie Brown Christmas than to call it a classic. It helped to make the Peanuts strip a household institution, and continues to be a Christmas tradition for millions. So ingrained in our consciousness is it that other shows ... can mention or refer to elements and automatically get a positive reaction.Filled with a still-valid message, in addition to numerous classic scenes, A Charlie Brown Christmas is a must have.
747 positivo  Something I'll Never Grow Tired Of!! For years and years, I always had to watch A Charlie Brown Christmas on broadcast television. I could never miss it! I finally missed it this year, and had to buy the DVD. Now, I will still watch it, even in the dead of summer. Even though there's nothing extra on the DVD, it's still fun to have it around for whenever you feel like watching it! A must have for kids and adults, alike!
748 positivo  I ought to slug those R movie loving critics! "They don't know entertainment" as Krusty would say I do love "Charlie Brown's Christmas", a joy for the entire family, young and old. A Christmas play is being directed by Charlie Brown, and everyone is complaining. Charlie is sad because he doesn't know the true spirit of Christmas, and his friend tells him the spirit of Christmas. The play was never finished though.I like this toon because "Charlie Brown's Christmas" had the guts to tell about Gabriel telling the shepherds about the Good news that Baby Jesus was born in the manger. I would recommend this to all!
749 neutral  Great memories but disapointing graphics thought it would be better I purchased last Christmas Charlie Brown Chritsmas dvd, and thought to purchased this year the blu ray dvd to see the difference in the graphics/images. Well there is no difference at all. Since my blu ray dvd converts regular dvd movie to hd movie, the regular dvd is nearly same clarity as the blu ray dvd. I don't think they can make it better, however it is a big improvement on the color and images, that I can say. But I don't think it's worth to spend of the blu ray dvd thinking it might be better than the regular dvd.
750 positivo  LOVE this! Aside from the fact that A Charlie Brown Christmas is a seminal Christmas Special, can you imagine if CBS had decided NOT to air it???? In the words of Charlie Brown, "ARRRRRGH!!" The suits at CBS didn't like it at first and didn't even want to air it but thank God for the almighty buck because they decided since they had spent the money, they might as well air it...I won't give anymore away, but one of the extras on this DVD is a wonderful set of interviews with people like Bill Melendez, the director, Mrs. Charlies Schultz, Fred Silverman (CBS exec in charge of programming), and many more.
751 positivo  Great Service I received the item quickly and in the condition described (Used, Like New). Very satisfied with product and shipper.
752 positivo  A True Classic Few childrens' offerings stand as tall as this towering classic. It is arguably the finest Peanuts classic - and perhaps the finest childrens' Christmas special - of all time. Need I say more?
753 positivo  Something beautiful and special... Its wonderful to have this treasure out on DVD! Charles Schulz was a genius, and this special his finest television work. Some extras would have been appropriate; perhaps the rare Peanuts commercials and print ads for Ford. ("How Green Was My Value?") A must in any format!
754 positivo  Charlie, Charles & Christmas... all you need! Stop right here! This one is it! Purchase this & none other! 'Charlie Brown Christmas' has never looked & sounded better. This is all the 'stuff' that is Christmas, at least up through 1965. Winter snow, ice-skating, snow-ball throwing, Christmas list to Santa, the nativity play & a not-so-great yet real tree... &, of course, a real lengthy scriptural passage read by Linus! Now it wouldn't be Schulz if there weren't his characters' cynicism, materialistic concessions & rants! This is the first real collaboration for Schulz, Melendez, Mendleson & the great Vince Guaraldi (music). And it was all conceived & completed in 6-months!!! This unimaginable, limited amount of time actually worked in its success in that it looks nothing like Disney, Looney Toons &/or a pedestrian children's Saturday cartoon.Schulz insisted that the integrity & look of his strip be evident in every frame which allowed Melendez (an ex-Disney animator) to move the gang statically (much like how 'South Park' would look years later), complete w/asides & glaring close-ups... cheating, if you will, & yet establishing a sort of compromised 'strip-vs.-cartoon' hybrid. It gave it its look (which, by the way, lost its trademark style in the early '70's... ugh! What happened!?!)The other remarkable element are the voices themselves in that real children voices were used on the soundtrack. Here we have the best, most memorable voices in all the decades of this (or any other) animation. Christopher Shea (as Linus) & Peter Robbins (as Charlie Brown) are the only voices... the only...! Even sister Sally's voice is the best. In later installments the children sound like they're reading a script as hired professionals. on 'Christmas' they sound authentically conversational, witty, sarcastic & 'charlie-browny'!!! They all were really funny too! Just like real kids (w/adult minds!)Guaraldi's classic 'Linus & Lucy' is used effectively in the dance at the school auditorium, as is his gorgeous 'ChristmasTime Is Here' so perfect to open the skating Peanuts gang! Guaraldi is a genius with his remarkable use of jazz & melody on nearly all his Peanuts' scores. This one is particularly great, as sales of the CD soundtrack each & every year prove still sell so well (get the 2006 remaster!)Of course, the reading of the gospel of Luke is not only remarkable for that time, but in the decades after, it's so necessarily touching for this holiday! Only Linus can do this each & every year! Even though I'm agnostic it brings a warm feeling to me everytime I hear it... His lispy recitation is letter perfect & something only Charles Schulz can do through his signature cartoon character(s)! It brings every year to a special (& tearful) hault!The only 'Christmas' classic w/great schdicky animation & script... a pot-pourri of all things Christmas, never to be topped again (except 'Polar Express'!). This re-release also includes 'The Making of...' & it's exciting to learn & watch. The added special 'Christmas Time Again' really lacks the magic of the original '65 classic as do nearly all the others after the '60's. Only nostalgia & chuckles... good grief!We love you Charles Schulz... come back to us... & if you can't, at least we have this one-of-a-kind classic each & every year.
755 positivo  5 stars for Paramount version; 1 star for Warner Bros version I write this assuming you already know the story A Charlie Brown Christmas. Be warned that the audio on the Warner Bros version is a half second ahead of the video. It is more noticeable on the sounds (tapping of the aluminum tree, tossing of the directors horn) than on the dialog. This seems to only apply to the Warner Bros DVD, and not the Blu Ray.I am not sure if I like the video on the Warner Bros either. It is a sharper image; but it also seems to be a negative quality.This is a Christmas special that people watch every year. If I knew then what I know now, I'd have purchased the Paramount version from http://www.amazon.com/Charlie-Brown-Christmas-Ann-Altieri/dp/B00004W5UM/ref=sr_1_3?s=dvd&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1291690784&sr;=1-3 .One more comment: The 'making of the Christmas special' is a nice feature that is included on the Warner Bros version.
756 positivo  The greatest Christmas story every This is the greatest Christmas story every made or told. I only buy "Charlie Brown" Christmas trees now. My wife hates them but she doesn't understand what Christmas is all about.
757 positivo  Don't Let Commercialism Ruin Your Christmas! A Charlie Brown Christmas was a TV special by ABC back in the mid 1960s.I have not watched this in some time. The cartoon is not just about Charlie Brown being depressed and called a blockhead (although that inevitably happens). It's a message about what Christmas is really all about.The cartoon acknowledges commercialism (Christmas is run by a big Eastern conglomerate!) but is totally okay with thumbing its collective animated nose at that and instead involves the viewer into the true meaning of Christmas.There is a jab at the psychiatric industry as well. Lucy gets her nickel from Charlie Brown and then says, "Let's see what's wrong with you and then we can put a label on it." And then she proceeds to list all kinds of phobias. Funny stuff.The Christmas play is great, with awesome jazzified Christmas music by Vince Guaraldi as composer, and Linus' speech on stage.This special had Coca Cola as the main sponsor and so some scenes were cut that had the Coca Cola parts in it.So as Linus warns Charlie Brown, don't make Christmas a problem and just enjoy it. The TV special really shows the simplicity of Christmas.Recommended:The Vince Guaraldi Collection: arranged by Phillip Keveren Phillip Keveren SeriesThe Peanuts Illustrated Songbook
758 positivo  "That's What Christmas Is All About Charlie Brown" I was in the eighth grade back in 1965 when 'A Charlie Brown Christmas' special debuted on network television and captured the hearts of American viewers in unprecedented fashion. It became an instant Christmas classic which has stood the test of time and is as popular today as it ever was. It's kind of an amazing accomplishment for a cartoon, especially when you consider how much our culture has changed since the sixties. There's something special about the childhood innocence and purity of spirit instilled in this production that touches everyone in a meaningful way. It just doesn't get any better than this.
759 positivo  This Christmas special really makes me feel special I've watched 'A Charlie Brown Christmas' literally ever since I was born. Charlie Brown's disgust at the commercialization of Christmas is ever more relevant---never mind that the show was originally produced in the 1960's.I could always relate to Charlie Brown. He is a nice guy who really tries hard to do the right thing--but is underappreciated by his classmates just for being himself. His really big heart prompts a tree rescue and philosophical search for holiday meaning, itself a pretty admirable task for an animated special which could have done a less ambitious script.Linus's school auditorium speech is supposed to get audiences in the show--and at home--thinking about the non-commercial side of Christmas. Christmas should not be about how much stuff you have, but what you can do for others. Again, this is a timeless message which easily transcends the original airdate and many perspectives who celebrate this holiday.
760 positivo  Merry Christmas Charlie Brown There is no better Charlie Brown cartoon than this one. Even though it was written in the 60's, it is amazing how resonating a story about the over commercialization of Christmas still is today. From the tin Christmas trees to Linus thinking that the holiday is run by an "eastern syndicate", you could use these kind of things to apply to today (attention wal-mart shoppers). Though far from being a religious person, I still love Linus' speech about the true meaning of Christmas and it is interesting to learn the advertisers back in the day worried the cartoon was too religious for the viewing audience. Definitely a must see for the holiday season and it teaches kids a great lesson.
761 positivo  Good Grief! This Beloved Classic Needs Some TLC! Maybe the reason Charlie Brown was feeling depressed around Christmas was because he saw this DVD. While I'd give "A Charlie Brown Christmas" 6 stars if I could for the show itself, the poor quality DVD that's on the market is another story: it rates 2 stars at best. Surely a program that's so loved by so many deserves the TLC of a proper remastering, and it's hard to understand why it hasn't happened.This year I bought my three favorite Christmas classics on DVD: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and Charlie Brown. The first two were recently remastered and the results were stunning--better in every way than I've ever seen them look and sound on television. And I'm not talking about a "modernizing" of these shows that turned them into something different in character than they were--no, these remasters are loving and faithful restorations of these classics to their original glory. By comparison, A Charlie Brown Christmas was a huge disappointment. The video is passable, but having seen what restoration did for the Grinch animation, I'm also aware of how much better the Charlie Brown video could be. The audio, however, is atrocious--an embarrassment, really, especially considering all the great Charles Schulz dialogue and the incomparable Vince Guaraldi score. It's hissy, it's muddy, it's mixed poorly and sound levels can vary widely.The size of the fan base for this show would virtually guarantee financial success for a remastered DVD-I'm not sure who owns the rights to do something like that, but I hope they're reading this review!
762 positivo  Very Good Transfer to DVD Commenting on what a wonderful Christmas special this is would be superfluous: I would only be echoing the comments of all the reviews of the VHS edition. As for the DVD edition, it's a good transfer, clean, no artifacts, good sound. Skip the second feature, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown." It just doesn't compare. My only gripe about the DVD: they fixed the one moment in the original master that captured my attention and my heart. Every year, I watched for the moment when the Peanuts gang gathered around the newly decorated little tree and began singing "Loo loo loo, loo loo loo loo loo" to the tune of "Hark the Herald Angels Sing." As the camera pulls in on the left side of the group and pans right, Pig Pen's head disappears for one frame when they all take a breath. You can see Patty's orange dress suddenly appear where his head was. I was really sorry to see them fix that. I don't know why, but it makes the cartoon even more endearing to me.
763 positivo  Proof that good things are built to last When Mr. Schulz and Bill Melendez decided to launch this half-hour special for TV there were many things against the odds: The music, subject treatment and Linus's Bible reading were unlike anything else tried on TV before. Work was done in just 4 months flat (considering the lot of work that goes into an animated feature) and a lot of money and resources were put at stake. Lucky for them - and a lot of us - "Sparky" hit the nail on the head. This film was the absolute winner of next year's Emmy awards for television for kids programming, along with more accolades and recognitions. I think the different treatment of the Christmas theme present on this film has captured interest across generations and, in true Peanuts' style, is something that makes you ponder beyond the obvious. One of those films that will never fade out and that are enjoyable beyond the season.
764 positivo  The Perfect Christmas Special With Christmas coming to Peanuts-land, Charlie Brown suffers from holiday angst. The commercialism of the season, a mailbox always lacking Christmas cards and his little sister's monetary demands to Santa make Chuck wonder if Christmas is really something to anticipate. Unable to get any good advice from a therapy session with Lucy, Charlie Brown seems destined to be miserable through the holidays. Of all the Charlie Browns in the world, he is indeed the Charlie Browniest.To cheer him up, the gang puts Charlie Brown in charge of a very weird Christmas pageant that features a Christmas Queen, Beethoven music, a few people dressed as nativity characters and a stage full of dancers doing the same dance steps over and over and over. But Orson Welles he is not, and Chuck fails as a director.His pals give him one last chance to redeem himself by putting him in charge of procuring a Christmas tree. It is at this moment that the show makes a drastic switch in tone and ambition. The opening acts are full of silly set-ups and easy jokes. But as Chuck and his faithful pal Linus set out toward the Christmas tree lot, the narrative slows and strives for poignancy.The perpetually needle-shedding little tree they obtain and Linus's eventual speech on the true meaning of Christmas have become iconic moments for the holiday season. Linus himself seems to guide the last half of the show, as the baby-faced blankie-wielding introvert swoops in and steals Charlie Brown's Christmas special from him. Linus sees the potential for greatness in the little tree, believing it only needs some love. Indeed, the eternal optimism and right-mindedness of Charlie Brown's best friend transforms the show from a gloomy diatribe against modern Christmas to a declaration on the potential for beauty and wonder to blossom everywhere during the Christmas season.
765 positivo  This truly is the best Christmas program ever. I have watched this Christmas special every year since I was three years old (1965). It is a classic in every sense of the word. From Vince Guaraldi's score to Linus's true meaning of Christmas speech, everything brings back memories of sitting in the living room drinking a glass of milk and having a few Christmas cookies before bed. If there is one Christmas video to own, this is it. Make it a family tradition. My family has
766 positivo  The very first PEANUTS cartoon...and four decades later, still the best I have been a PEANUTS fan practically since I first learned to read (around the age of 2, if my late mother's oft-retold story is to be believed). I alternated as a kid identifying the most with poor, picked-on, stumble-plagued Charlie Brown and bookish, thoughtful, sibling-harassed Linus van Pelt. In the wrong hands, animating these beloved characters (quite possibly the greatest ever created for a comic strip) for the first time could have been disastrous. God must surely have guided "Sparky" Schulz to the gentle-hearted animation team of Bill Melendez and Lee Mendelsohn, who gave his creation the care and love it deserved; and them, in turn, to jazz great Vince Guaraldi for his inspired musical score (where do you think that famous PEANUTS theme music -- "Linus & Lucy" -- first came from?).Read Mendelsohn's out-of-print 1970 book, CHARLIE BROWN & CHARLIE SCHULZ, or the more recent A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS anniversary-edition book for the full story behind the making of this timeless classic -- and the tremendous risks they took in making it the way they did and airing it that first time on CBS in 1965. You'll appreciate its magic, humor and warmth all the more when you know how perilously close it came to not being made or aired at all -- or worse, bombing in the Nielsen ratings and preventing the making of all the specials, feature films and even Broadway musicals (!) that followed.All the silliness and the sentimentality only serve to make it more of an enduring treasure. And that powerful, climactic moment, when the gang's resident philosopher, Linus (what an utterly fitting choice!), takes poor lost Charlie Brown and friends -- and all of us -- back to old school on the real reason for the season, with that sweet, simple reading of a few lines from the King James Gospel of Luke, can still move even a jaded, bitter "recovering Catholic" like me to tears. It remains the finest artistic rebuke to the ever-worsening commercialization of Christendom's holiest day since Stan Freberg's edgier, more satirical audio recording "Green Chri$tma$" of a decade earlier (and sadly, both are even more relevant today than they were back then).If only poor Mr. Schulz could have lived to see his baby reach this milestone anniversary. It consoles me to know that, at the end of his life, all the cards, letters and E-mails he got in hospital surely made him realize that he had created something for the ages, to last well beyond his own lifetime. May new generations of children take A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS -- and all the rest of the wonderful world of PEANUTS -- to their hearts forevermore...and grow up to share them with their own kids.
767 positivo  Truly "The Best!" How do you define one of the best half hour special movies of the Christmas season? Charlie Brown, that's how, and this really nice story focuses on Charlie and his friends, and one the antics of his dog, who "buys into" the contemporary or what we'd call "materialistic" side of the holiday. In fact, this little film is a call to all of us to re-evaluate what our priorities are about. Everything from money to possessions to psychotherapy to absurdity to a simple tree to the actual "Christmas Story" as found in the Bible. This is a great little Christmas movie, and our family loves it.Every home shouldn't be without this highly recommended movie. And the music is great!!!
768 positivo  The Ultimate in Christmas Specials I am a huge fan of cartoon Christmas specials. But Charlie Brown stands far and away above the rest. As Christmas approaches, Charlie Brown begins to feel that sense of emptiness that comes from being consumed with "commercialized" Christmas. He just has to find out what it's all about. The thing that sets this movie apart from all the other great Christmas specials out there is that he really does find the true meaning of Christmas. "For unto us is born this day in the city of David a Savior, which is Christ the Lord." So amidst the tinsel, lights, and credit card debts that seem to take over this Christmas, relax with your family and watch "A Charlie Brown Christmas" to remind yourself what it's all about.
769 positivo  A wonderful tradition I have been watching a Charlie Brown Christmas since I was very little. I love watching Charlie and his little disoriented christmas tree. He always seems to find the beauty in everything even when the whole gang is against him. The scene in which Linus explains the true meaning of Christmas is one of my favorites. It makes me sad to think that so many people are against it. I was actually afraid that this year (2004) they wouldnt show this movie on TV because of the religious content but joy overwhelmed me when i saw the preview for it (next tuesday at 8:00!) I think we must go back to the basics, realize that Christmas isnt just about some big man in a suit delivering gifts to children. Its about family, spirituality and having an open mind (acceptance). I recommend this movie to everyone because its hard to find something so simple yet so powerful these days.
770 positivo  Charlie Brown delights as always The new blu ray version of A Charlie Brown Christmas is excellent. The colors are superb, the sound too. And none of the original charm is lost. Highly recommended.
771 neutral  Charlie Brown Christmas I ordered this for my grand daughter with the hopes that she will fall in love with Peanuts and Snoopy and she will want all my collectibles someday!
772 positivo  Love it There are no words to discribe how good this special is. It is a Christmas tradition in our house to watch this special with our family. It helps everyone remember the true meaning of Christmas. we love a Charlie Brown christmas.
773 positivo  They need more stars... We can only hope more classics as precious and timeless as this are in our future. A must see every Christmas.
774 positivo  A Holiday Classic I love Snoopy. He is my favorite. And I love owning this classic and bringing it out every holiday season and watching it with family and friends. It never gets old. A timeless tradition!
775 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas Classic Christmas favorite. Great price, great DVD. I love this movie and the soundtrack to it is absolutely amazing! It's been a tradition in my family to watch this at Christmastime every year for as far back as I can remember. (: I started a tradition in my family that we listen to the soundtrack while opening our Christmas presents.
776 positivo  Charlie Brown (Blu-ray) Christmas Movie Great movie and quality is great. Bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it. It'll be a yearly tradition to watch.
777 positivo  Christmas time special for the ages... "A Charlie Brown Christmas" has become a staple of holiday specials since its first broadcast in 1965. Its staying power can be attributed to its heartwarming story and simple message, along with Charles Schutz's wonderful peanuts gang, including superdog Snoopy.As the story opens, Charlie Brown is overwhelmed by the commercialism of the Christmas season. Lucy, in her recuring role as streetcorner phychologist, guides him to a role as director of the school Christmas play. That works out about as well as it usually does, but it leads Charlie Brown to a fateful encounter with a Christmas tree that needs a home, and to Linus' famous explanation of the Christmas spirit. "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is short, sweet, and enjoyable by all ages; highly recommended.
778 positivo  22 minutes of Christmas joy! Hard to believe this special has stood the test of time and it will for many more Christmases to come! "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is a classic for families that share the real meaning of Christmas for which I can agree with! If you have never seen it,maybe you will get something out of it! I enjoyed this!!
779 positivo  Christmas Tradition- Schultz was a genius! Like "It's a Wonderful Life," this animated film has imprinted on the American psyche the meaning of the Christmas holiday season.
780 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas Great Quality. Brought back my childhood memories which I can now share with my kids.
781 positivo  Great Buy !!! I got this for my daughter for christams as a stocking stuffer ... she loved it for she likes Chrile Brown.
782 positivo  you have to be a grinch to not like this ... I'm not going to review the special as I think it doesn't need much explanation. If you are of a Christian inspired faith, its a heartwarming classic the whole family can love.Amazon streaming of the video beats keeping the DVD around and unscratched. I love amazon's video service.
783 positivo  Favorite Who doesn't love this one! It's a favorite. Can't wait until Christmas time to watch it over and over again with the kids.
784 positivo  A TRUE Charlie Brown Christmas This was my first time ordering something on the internet and I was a little worried, because I am always reading comments or other ratings (good and bad). It was great because I had to show the movie at the Youth Group I head up and it said the latest the movie would come in was that Friday (the day AFTER I needed to show it). But luckily it came in a day BEFORE I needed which was excellent! I got it in the mail and played it on my dvd player to check it out. It was magnificent! They color, the sound, and everything else was amazing!- probably even better than when it first came on tv. I liked how it came with an extra show from the Peanuts gang and it even had a documentary. I learned many things about A Charlie Brown Christmas that I didn't even know or would of thought about! It truly made A TRUE Charlie Brown Christmas for my Youth Group and my family (who watched it on Christmas eve)!
785 positivo  Love Charlie Brown Charlie Brown Christmas and It's Christmastime Again Charlie Brown brings back a lot of good memories of being a child. These are great movies to buy for your children holiday viewing pleasure.
786 positivo  Sweetness It was a gift for my dad and he loved it. One of his favorite holiday movies. Which he always seems to miss each year. Now he will have it always.
787 positivo  Grandson We bought this for our grandson who loves Charlie Brown. Whenever Charlie Brown is on for the holidays I have him watch it. So now he can start his own collection of them.
788 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas! I love it and thankful to have this especially in subtitle for me to "lipread" what they are saying. I will watch it again and again for Christmas time!
789 neutral  Too many additional films While we love the original Christmas special, we really didn't need "Flashbeagle" and the rest. It is my own fault for not reading the whole description.
790 positivo  daughters favorite Christmas tv movie this was one of my daughters all time favorite Christmas show. I bought it for her for Christmas. We watched it together on her big screen tv and I was amazed at how good the picture was.
791 positivo  A timeless classic must own especially if you have children This is a classic that is timeless... pass this wonderful animation Christmas tale down to your children, or revisit your childhood and watch this at Christmas time to put you in the "spirit."
792 positivo  Christmas Favorite. I love watching this movie,but i love watching it more,when Christmas come's around.and it opens something that most of us forget about,and that's the true meaning of Christmas.It show's how people only care about gift's,and forget that Christmas is The celebration and birth of Jesus Christ.And also on how Charlie Brown found a tree that no one else thought was special,but he knew it was.Like i said Great film for Christmas time or not,and for the price you can't beat that.There is a lot more to this film that make's it great,but those two thing's that i mention,are one of the reason's i love this film.
793 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas [VHS] Great tape, came quickly works great. This was a Christmas present for my little sister in 2009 and she loves it, it works great then and now. She still watches it. The vcr stopped working, but the tape still plays great in the new vcr. I also ordered several other Charlie Brown tapes and they are all great. I recomend this seller and would buy from again.
794 positivo  Great Buy I was looking for clarity and a picture that would completely fill my HD television screen without manipulation. I found it with this DVD and couldn't be happier.
795 positivo  great Christmas gift This is a classic Christmas tale and was a wonderful gift. I bought it for my friend and she said she will watch it every year.
796 positivo  Just as I expected! It's a movie that I've already seen, so I knew I'd love it. The movie was in perfect condition along with the case. Would definitely order a movie again from Amazon.
797 positivo  "Oh that we could always see such spirit through the year!" Yes, indeed, particularly as we stumble around uncertainly in this brand new year! "A Charlie Brown Christmas" along with "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" and "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" remain the three most favorite Christmas specials of my childhood. I was lucky enough to view all three of them on their initial airdates, and each year thereafter including this past year. I was already a big "Peanuts" enthusiast for several years, besides reading it in the daily paper; I also collected paperback anthologies of the comic strips that I believe cost all of $1.25 per copy. So, when "A Charlie Brown Christmas" debuted on CBS on Thursday December 9, 1965, I was right there in front of the television set, even though I was seeing it in glorious black and white. My parents didn't buy a color set for another couple of years. Regardless, I loved it and still do; it wouldn't be Christmas without viewing it at least once. This past Christmas I both watched it on network television just to keep my hand in so to speak, and also on this DVD. Commercial free and unedited the DVD wins hands down!What makes this a timeless classic that remains evergreen fresh over 46 years past it's original showing? To begin at the beginning, let's credit cartoonist Charles Schulz who cobbled together some scenes from past Christmas strips along with some fresh, original ideas into a sweet, simple story that had a universal appeal. He wanted the snowy background, remembering his boyhood winters in Minnesota. More importantly he was a deeply religious man. It also was he who insisted on retaining Linus' glorious recitation of the Christmas Gospel of St. Luke, even though Bill Melendez, the animator/director was nervous that it might be considered "too religious" for network television. Schulz's frank, firm response settled the issue once and for all, "Bill, if we don't do it, who else can? We're the only ones that can do it." Thank goodness, he prevailed that soliloquy is the heart and soul of the special.Schulz was also concerned that the simplicity and integrity of his comic strip characters be retained; he didn't want them elaborately animated or "Disneyfied". Here Executive Producer Lee Mendelson and Animator/Director Bill Melendez stepped in making sure that Charlie Brown and Company would move and speak but remain as close as possible to their appearance in the strip, not be fleshed out and three dimensional with lots of detail. The background settings were simply drawn and executed as well.The third element was a memorable, beautifully executed musical score by renowned jazz musician Vince Guaraldi that perfectly caught the mood of the piece, enhancing the action and that has become a modern classic. Besides the wonderful opening song "Christmastime is Here", the most renowned composition is "Linus and Lucy" which accompanies all the gang as they dance joyously on the stage of the school during the rehearsal for the Christmas pageant. I have a fond memory myself of a company Christmas party about twenty years ago when a group of friends and myself were on the dance floor and the DJ played this cut, and someone shouted "Hey, everyone dance like "Peanuts"!" and instantly we all started dancing like the different characters! I took the part of the nameless boy with the spikey hair that turned to the right and left while shrugging his shoulders up and down.Another important factor was that actual kids the approximate ages of the "Peanuts" gang were used to supply the voices. this was quite refreshing, most times up to now adults had supplied the vocals for children in animation with the exception of the Disney films. Having real children added immersurably to the authenticity and naturalness. Kudos all round to this young group of actors but most especially to Peter Robbins as Charlie Brown, Christopher Shea as Linus, Tracy Stafford as Lucy and Kathy Steinburg as Sally Brown, who all captured the essence of their characters. They were all marvelous actors as well, particularly young Master Shea who brought a wellspring of emotion and depth of feeling to his recitation of the Nativity Gospel. I can pay them no higher compliment than to say they sounded just the way I'd imagined their characters would. The lone adult to lend his voice was Mr. Melendez who proved to be an inspired choice for the unique sound of Snoopy and later Woodstock as well.One of my own personal reasons that this remains my favorite of all the "Peanuts" specials and movies is that it features the original characters from the first years of the strip: Charlie Brown, Patty, Shermy, Violet, Schroeder, Lucy, Linus, Pig-Pen and of course Snoopy. Regrettably, in a few years time Mr. Schulz would phase out Patty, Shermy, Violet and to a leser degree Pig-Pen, replacing them with Peppermint Patty, Marcy, Woodstock and Rerun whom I personally didn't find as amusing.Now about the bonus featurette "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown". It's a collection of several short vignettes that are all right I suppose, but don't measure to the high standard set by the original, and of course that's why you're buying this DVD.There are many other reasons I love "A Charlie Brown Christmas", along with "Rudolph" and "The Grinch",one being it is a touchstone to the Christmas' memories of my childhood, and more recently of my own son's. Not to be hokey, but also I love that it does explain beautifully what Christmas is all about in it's purest essence, and this is an key fact to remember when one is overwhelmed by the sheer commercialism of the holiday. Words somehow seen inadequate to describe it properly, sufficent to say you will laugh merrily, perhaps brush away a tear and feel all warm inside afterwards, don't miss it, either on television or on DVD!
798 positivo  Charlie Brown in Review Can never go wrong with Charie Brown and the gang! Love all their holiday fun! Can't get enough of Charlie and the gang!!
799 positivo  Best Xmas Show Ever Made It would not be Christmas without watching A Charlie Brown Christmas. It never fails to get me teary eyed when Linus tells the Christmas story. And I wait for the part when all the kids dance. The soundtrack is priceless.
800 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas This program was and still is one of my favorites. Watched all the Charlie Brown characters for years. Love them and love this CD. Got this as a present for Christmas from my daughter. Just the best!!!
801 positivo  "Charlie Brown on the Screen" In 1965, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" was first seenontelevision, and it told the story of our hero confronted with yetanother problem. Good grief! Christmas is coming and he's not happy. As he explains to his friend, Linus, no one is thinking about the true meaning of the holiday. His sister, Sally, is only concerned about the presents she will get; his friend Lucy wants to buy a "big, shiny, aluminum Christmas tree"; even his dog Snoopy enters his doghouse in a contest for the best-deorated house in the neighborhood. When Charlie Brown is persuaded to direct the school Christmas pageant, he declares "This is one play that's not going to be commercial!"...~PEANUTS: A GOLDEN CELEBRATION
802 neutral  DVD Charlie Brown Christmas The dvd worked shipped on time. Now for the 14 more words. I hate filling out these you have to do this reviews
803 neutral  Charlie Brown Christmas I bought this to use in China in my oral English classes. Unfortunately, I haven't had the opportunity to use it yet.
804 negativo  Too much money for too much Peanuts The original Christmas special is good, but you're mostly paying for another ninety minutes of subpar stuff. Flashbeagle is an abomination. I would have paid half for a quarter of the cartoons in here.If you can get the DVD instead of the Amazon Video version cheaper, do it.
805 neutral  So so The Christmas show was a great blast to the past. The extra shows that were included left something to be desired. I wish they would just sell the twenty minute Christmas show for two or three bucks.
806 positivo  Extras a disappointment I purchased the streaming video version for $10. I only wanted Charlie Brown Christmas - 5 stars and worth the 10 bucks; it comes with two other shows - a 2nd version of Charlie Brown Christmas (3 stars) and something inane called "Flash Beagle"... (0 stars). If you're going for the original Charlie Brown Christmas... you'll get that. You'll have to decide for yourself what you think of the other two items.
807 positivo  It defines the word classic. Some films are so groundbreaking and original that you have to remark that you will not see anything like it at all again. Well, this special is exactly that. It's one of those films that has a effect on everybody from age one to 120. It defined a era where everything was simple and too the point. Also, it had the message that everybody seeked yet it wasn't murky not to see it. It is one of my favorite childhood films of all time and it's a joy to sit down and watch it every year with the family. It's the only Christmas film to make me excited for the season and yet still enjoy why we do celebrate. It's not one of those christmas films you see churned out every year that exploits the season and only has money to gain. I mean, this movie is anti commercial because it's saying that we lost our way in the hustle and bustle of getting gifts for everybody that we have lost the true meaning in WHY we get the gifts. Charlies Shultz could create the most simplistic characters that you could see yourself it. It's a film that needs to be locked into a vault and stored in for protection just so future generations that get lost in the season can simply unearth it and find out why Christmas exists.
808 neutral  Charlie Brown Christmas I bought this dvd because they tell the Christmas story on this updated 1956 edition and want my granddaughters see the video.
809 positivo  Classic Charlie Brown! What can I say? If you never saw this as a kid, then I pity you.Make this video a must buy and watch it with your kids!
810 positivo  A Christmas Classic This is a timeless Christmas classic that still brings a lump to your throat. The music from this special is wonderful as well. A classic!
811 positivo  Just a 30 Minute Cartoon, Or More? Well, I was never really a big Peanuts fan. But, this deserves special attention. From the start, Charlie grabs us. The truth is that many people get depressed around Christmas; and since Charlie feels that no one likes him, he especially gets depressed. (Holidays always seem to rub it in if we feel alone.) Also, he is disturbed at the huge commercial aspects of Christmas. Charlie is then called upon to direct a Christmas play and get a tree for the play. It is clear that the other children are distant from Charlie, and it is also clear that they expect a tree that will reflect the commercialized aspect of Christmas. He takes a stand and buys the tree that seems to need a friend. Linus' role is very well done here. Notice he does not criticize the tree itself or Charlie's intentions! But he is concerned that Charlie will be taunted for this. The next scene is done well. Charlie tried (even if unkowingly) to bring the true meaning of Christmas into a crowd that concentrated on the commercial aspects. As Linus fears, Charlie was in fact taunted and mocked for carrying the true meaning of Christmas in a commercial society. When Charlie is mocked, Linus (who also seemed to be carrying the true meaning of Christmas) shows bravery and confronts everyone with the true meaning of Christmas. It is almost as if he carried it, but was afraid to unleash it; and when he saw Charlie show bravery that he would be mocked for, he felt he had an obligation to act. Through this, the mood of the children change. So, Charlie and Linus carry the true meaning of Christmas in a society that does not; Charlie is mocked and taunted; Linus feels compelled to step in; the mood of the whole gang changes for the better. Even if you don't really care for The Peanuts, you should watch this.
812 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas This simple cartoon brings home the real reason for Christmas. A simple tale, well told. (P.S. the second cartoon included could be left behind...)
813 neutral  FANTASTIC VIDEO EVER THE BEST VIDE I HAVE EVER SEEEN HELLO ITS CHRISTIANS COUSIN ME CHRISTIANS AUNT MTY AUNT AND MY SISTERS BOYFRIEND AND MY DOG AND MY NIECE ANNA LEAFA AND CHRISTIANS AUNTS FRIEND MARNA ALL LOVE THIS VIDEO VITS THE GRAITEST VIDEO OF ALL I DONT LIKE WHEN THEY KAUGTH AT HIM I MEEN WHY DO THEY LAUGTH AT HIM THEY SHULD FORGIVE HIM FOR TRYING TO PICK OUT THE RIGHT TREE UG I HAVE BEEN KISSED BY A DOG GETHOT WATER GET SOME DESIINFACRED GET SOME MIADINE I LOVE THE BEGING WHEN THEY SING CHRISMAS TIME IS HERE ITS SOO FUNNY WHEN THEY SAY CHARLIE BROWN URE THE ONLY PERSIBI KNOW WGO COULD DRARE A WIBDERFULL SESAN LIKE CHRISMAS AND TURN IT IN TO A PROUBLAM AND WHEN LUCI SAYS LINOS YOUVE GOTTA GET RID OF THAT STUPID BLANKET WHATS A CHRISMAS SHEPRED GONNA LOOK LIKE WITH A BLANKET LIKE THAT ITS THE BEST VIDE I HAVE EVER SEEN I SAY THE OTHER VIVEWERS ARE SOO DUM AND HARABLEE
814 positivo  Remastering Stinks I love this special more than anything. Unfortunately there's TOO much damn remastering. The colors way too vibrant. It's way too clear. I have a hard time having a true nostalgic experience when it looks like it could have been made last year instead of 1969. Believe it or not I prefer my crusty old VHS copy to this remastered dvd. Why do they insist of cleaning everything up. I will give them a little credit. They don't do much to fix the bad sound from the original and there still is a lot of the cell separation in the animation. I just don't understand why they choose to keep SOME of the faults and remove others. Why not come out with an edition that looks the way it originally did when it first aired on television? Anyone interested in that? Still, I love the special and enjoy sharing it with my [...]daughter, who also adores it.
815 negativo  just 1 peanuts movie!??!! Honestly, if you knew about the blu-ray format and the capacity 1 disc has you should be appalled that there isn't the entire peanuts collection on 1 disc. This is such a obvious marketing plot to extort more money out of the consumer. If you buy this disc you are only feeding into that disgraceful behavior. If you don't know, blu-rays can hold more than 10 times the amount of content a DVD can hold. The entire peanuts movie collection can fit on to one blu-ray disc and to seperate them over 10+ discs just takes more money from you to send their fat kids to college. A pox on both your houses.
816 negativo  Insulting RIP OFF With the over 50 GIGS of memory on a Blu-Ray, Paramount could easily fit the first 11 or 12 TV Specials on one disc, but being the crooks they are, they prefer to screw the American consumer by retailing 29.99 for ONE 25 minute episode, one 12 minute interview and a sub par "Christmas Special" made 20 years AFTER the original masterpiece. Shameful.
817 negativo  "It was awful" My title is a quote from a 6 year old who just watched it. An 8 year old said "I just didn't get it" and also "all the kids kept teasing Charlie Brown".I'm personally giving it two stars above the minimum because the music is good.But, people, we need to stop kidding ourselves: this movie is only popular because when it came out decades ago it's all there was. That's only a partial defense, though; The Grinch is also very old (and very good).My challenge to you is: Stick 10 kids born this century in front of this movie and by the end I bet you about half have a very unfavorable view of it and of the remaining five three find it ok and two at most truly liked it.
818 positivo  i remember me ,y aunt and marna wach this every year il never forget this adorbele penuts claqdick series hey kids do you like like christmad time is here in the begining tuats me marna and auntdawns most favarite part i lisend to the music on my way to a party with aunt dawn and roodi a friend of hers she said this was her favaritev movie exept i dont know why she saod this has been a favrite most favrrite of mine for a long time tooo i hAD THE MOVIE FOR ABIUT A YEAR AND A HAFF NOW ONE OF MY FRIENDS NAMED DANNY WOARD WANTS TO WACH THIS OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN EH ASKS ME IF HE WOULF LIKE TO WACH IT EVERY YEAR IL CALL HIM UP AN ASK HIM IF HE WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE MOVIE IM SURE HE WOULD IF WERE AWAY MY FATHER SAID HE WOUL PROMICE TO RECORD THE MOVE WHEN IT COMES ON AND WEL LWACH IT WHEN IT COMES ON
819 positivo  Great Music, Bad Message Charlie is depressed about how materialistic Christmas is. Lucy makes him the director of the play to cheer him up, but he is soon depressed that no one will listen to him because they are busy having fun and he isn't. He proceeds to get a bad tree and then is depressed, and surprised for some reason, when no one likes it. Linus tells everyone the real meaning of Christmas (only redeeming quality in the movie). Charlie goes home and tries to spruce up his tree but it doesn't work mainly because he doesn't really try very hard anyway. Everyone uses Snoopy's decorations stripped from his doghouse, that he worked very hard on, to finally fix Charlie Brown's tree just to make him happy. The entire movie is about Charlie Brown putting forth this vibe that he is entitled to be happy, and everyone must fall over backwards to make his Christmas a happy one not caring who he steps on in order to get there.Vince makes some great music though, and is the main reason for the second star.
820 neutral  C.Brown Christmas is too religious for general purposes I had planned to use this short DVD in an English classroom in a university in China. However, the content is too 'Christian' in content. The true meaning of Christmas is expressed directly in words about Jesus being born, so it was useless for my purpose.
821 positivo  My kids just love it. It makes me happy that they love the classics:-) I couldn't find it any any stores. Still looking for 1 more to complete the CB set that my little ones have. The only place that I could find lots os CB stuff was Hallmark, but don't carry the DVDs.
822 neutral  A Charlie Brown Christmas (Remastered Deluxe Edition) As all Charlie's Brown films, remembers those old comic strips of the newspapers in those Charles M. Shulz exposed thoughts of life philosophy through his characters. By the way that Shulz, said by people that met him in his residence in Santa Rosa (CA), he was seen with a bad enough personnel character! Life contrasts!
823 positivo  Yeah Charlie Brown! Missed the broadcast this year, so I needed my C.B. fix! Wouldn't be Christmas without it so I now I can watch it while we decorate the tree or anytime.
824 positivo  Ran all day My grandchildren LOVED IT!!! Played it all day. One grandson who plays a bit of piano picked up two of the songs and was playing them by the afternoon of Christmas day
825 positivo  The Best of Charlie Brown... What else can I say? All that love CB should own this DVD. I love Charlie Brown and this is a true Christmas classic.
826 positivo  My VERY Favorite Charles Shultz was a master at getting his story across. LOVE this story because it gives hope to everyone watching it, AND it includes the TRUE Christmas Story which... "That's what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown!" How can you go wrong with that?
827 positivo  Yahoo for Charlie Brown Being able to watch something like A Charlie Brown Christmas whenever I want is so soothing to the soul. Especially since I get really busy around the holidays and can't always catch it on TV.
828 positivo  A classic, heart warming story with a great message We've watched this many times on TV, but this was the best way to view it. The "extras" were excellent and know more about the history of Charles Schultz and his career. Also finding how how the "Charlie Brown Christmas" came about was wonderful.
829 positivo  Merry Christmas, Charlie Brown One of the fun movies to watch at Christmas time! One of the few movies at Christmas time that actually portrays the real meaning of Christmas!
830 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas Always loved watching A Charlie Brown Christmas on TV during the holiday season, now I can watch it any time.The extra features included were great, one I had never seen before. Thoroughly enjoyable speaking as a Charlie Brown fan.
831 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas A Christmas classic and just as good the umpteenth time around!! Have to watch it a couple of times during the season.
832 positivo  Thank You Linus, even 46 years later. Americans have known this TV cartoon since it first aired in 1965. But for an immigrant like me, I only saw it for the first time a few years ago. I knew about Charlie Brown and saw some of the half-hour shows when i was younger. But I did not see the Christmas Special until the early 2000s.I am very fond of this Christmas special. From all the beloved characters to the highly original and very festive jazz soundtrack performed by The Vince Guaraldi Trio; a classic in its own right.But the one moment in the show that still moves me deeply is Linus' speech about the true meaning of Christmas. To quote from the Gospel in a cartoon was extremely daring and met with tremendous resistance when the show was to be aired. But Charles Schultz was steadfast in his determination that nothing be changed from his original idea.So I am watching this Christmas special and laugh occasionally, empathize with Charlie occasionally and find the cartoon mildly humourous. Then there is the moment when Charlie Brown cries out for someone to tell him about the true meaning of Christmas.... and then Linus takes center stage.When little Linus takes the stage, he recites the birth of Jesus as written in the Gospel of Luke in a very undramatic but completely innocent tone. Amazingly, it carries more impact than any sermon from the multitude of preachers, televangelists and bible-preaching ministers I have seen in Church or on TV. There is something truly moving in this narrative, whether you are a Christian or not. The matter of fact way in which Linus recites the Bible, describing the birth of Jesus makes the message more powerful and in the context of the show, very moving.It is one of TV's most iconic moments and it is a scene I can watch over and over and never tire of it. So simple and yet it has endured for nearly 50 years.
833 positivo  Positively wonderful! This heartwarming classic has been fully restored to an exceptional level of quality. The visual images are stunning and the soundtrack by Vince Guaraldi has also been remastered and sounds great. I would heartily recommend this product without any reservation whatsoever!!!!!!!!!!
834 positivo  Amazon Fan There was more to this disc than I expected. It has several additions that were good to watch. The cartoon itself is a good reminder of what Christmas is all about. Great for the kids or grandkids, or even the Scrooge sitting on the sofa.
835 positivo  The Best Animated Xmas feature Charlie Brown searches for the true meaning of Christmas in a world besieged by commercialism. The story Charlie Brown's quest works on a number of different levels, making it worthwhile viewing for children and adults. This half-hour special hits the mark with its message, its wit, music and charm.
836 positivo  A beautiful, Timeless classic! Even though I have watched "A Charlie Brown Christmans" almost every year since it was first created and have been a Charlie Brown fan forever, this is a classic Christmas story that never gets old. In fact, I can definitely say even though it was made 40 years ago, I believe children 40 years from now will enjoy and appreciate this masterpiece. I definitely intend to get a copy, to go along with the great musical CD by Vince Guaraldi.
837 positivo  Great for Christmas Every year!!!!! I'm almost 14 years old and this has to be one of my favorite charlie brown videos I have it on video and I watch every year it always comes on tv at Christmas time on cbs and I enjoy this film as much as I enjoy all the other peanut holiday videos like "It's the great Pumpkin Charlie Brown" "Charlie Brown thanksgiving"" Be My Valentine Charlie Brown" It's the Easter Beagle Charlie Brown" I have those 4 on video I just love this one as much as I love all the peanut holiday videos get this for your family and buy the these other 4 too I guarantee it will make your day shine bright for the rest of your life.
838 positivo  Subversive,wry,magnificent. Simply, this is the best Christmas show ever produced.If it were made presently,the edge would be off, the sountrack would be sung by various"divas" and teen hearththrobs,and Charlie Brown himself would different. This masterpiece,which was awarded a Peabody[and an emmy],is no less than a subtle,full frontal attack on Christmas as it is now celebrated.By using the beloved Peanuts characters.Schultz gets away with something that now he would be censored for. The plot,known to most,is simple. In this first Peanuts special, Charlie Brown,hapless everyman with a good great heart,is looking for the soul of ChristmAS.With his intrepid buddy Linus[and his ever present security blanket],he becomes the head [director ]of the local christmas pagent. When he is sent out to buy a christmas tree , well, you'll see.Linue delivers the most accurate summation of christmas known to exist.No teacher,scholar,theologian,etc.could ever touch this.The ending,itself is perfect.Vince Guaraldi's score is now legendary,and if anything is UNDERRATED.For a few years CBS used to,this is delicious irony,cut off the ending to bring a commercial!Boy,they sort of missed the boat,hunh?Do yourself a favor,buy this,play it whenever you get depressed.Better than prozac,and no side effects.I'd give it 10,20,30 stars!!!!!!!!!!
839 positivo  A Timeless Classic! This video has been around longer than me and has earned a place in my heart. It is a must have for every one who collects Peanuts' videos. Though it was done in 1965 it still holds true today. It is full of wit and charm and is fun and entertaining for all ages. It has become a Christmas tradition in our home to watch it every year!
840 positivo  I Feel Depressed... ...if I don't get to see this each year. I've been watching it since I was knee high to a grass-hopper. Snoopy and the gang are great but what really made this is the Vince Guaraldi Music.
841 positivo  Very good film Very good film for children at Christmas time of our famous Charlie Brown and his particular way to live. I remember when I have watched it on TV by the first time when I was a teenager and now I'm so glad because I have this story on DVD. Don't miss it and enjoy it !
842 positivo  Christmas Cheer A classic Charlie Brown story you need to add to your collection. Nothing else like it out there. Happy viewing!
843 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas This is a keepsake. I've enjoyed "A Charlie Brown Christmas" for many years, tried not to miss is on TV, finally recored it on VHS, wore out that copy. Wanted a DVD to watch with my grandkids, hopefully in the near future.
844 positivo  It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown. I enjoy Méhdi"Christmas Treasures",Josh Groban ,Mannheim Steamroller etc.and this a magnificent production that I also enjoy just as much.The first prime-time Peanuts special introduced Charles M. Schulz's timeless gang to the world of television and was awarded both an Emmy and a Peabody award. Originally broadcast December 9, 1965, on CBS -- years before Seasonal Affective Disorder entered our lexicon -- the story is driven by Charlie Brown, sort of a tyro Scrooge made even more miserable by the increasingly crass commercialism of holiday cheer. Charlie agrees to direct the school Christmas pageant and in the process tries to discover the true meaning of the holiday. Although its animation is dated and its evangelism is unsubtle, A Charlie Brown Christmas -- like all the Peanuts holiday specials -- is so good-hearted that it's very easy to overlook its flaws. Linus wrapping his blanket around the tiny, stunted tree remains among the most endearing images ever produced for network television. For grown-ups, this is how Charlie Brown and Snoopy and Sally will always be remembered, stumbling and dancing around the school stage in a childish torrent of goodwill. For kids, the simple charm of the white beagle with black ears and his friends will likely beguile them from here to next Tuesday. The new DVD is unedited and includes footage that was shorn after the initial broadcast, as well as the more recent special, It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown.Also Recommended:MéhdiChristmas Treasures,A True Gem.
845 positivo  A timeless American classic Every year, millions watch "What a Wonderful Life" as the quintessential American Christmas story. But, I would intone that if they aren't watching "A Charlie Brown Christmas" they are missing out on one of the very best American Christmas stories and a chance to bond as a family, as a group of friends, or just savor sincerity and peace on a wonderful level. Charles Schultz's characters are winners. It's no wonder they've been charming us all since the 1950's. There are extras here, but "A Charlie Brown Christmas" needs no support - it IS one of those magic moments of our generation and will continue to charm into the future. Share it with the family this season and you'll not regret it - in fact, you'll all be enriched.
846 positivo  a simple yet beautiful christmas treasure The animation is simplistic, crude, even outdated. But the sincerity and honesty behind the plot of A Charlie Brown Christmas overrides whatever technical inadequacies the production has. The quality of the animation actually adds to the charm of the viewing experience, much like watching another Christmas classic, It's A Wonderful Life, in black and white.A Charlie Brown Christmas is one Christmas tradition that families should include along with trimming the tree, Christmas story reading, Christmas dinner and carol singing.
847 positivo  Who but the profane could not like this one? I grew up watching this show at home on TV with my parents every Christmas season. It's the whole humorous Peanuts gang punctuated with the true meaning of Christmas near the end. Sweet. Gotta love it!
848 positivo  CLASSIC Just like I remembered it when I was a kid. My son (11) also enjoyed it alot!
849 positivo  If you don't like this movie, you're just flat wrong!! Christmas is about more than santa and presents. It's more than just the biggest tree with the best decorations. It's about a babe in a manger, three wise men and eternal salvation. In an innocent way only Charles Shultz and the crew can do, Charlie Brown (And Linus, et al) deliver this message loud and clear. I say everyone needs to buy this DVD before everything related to God and Jesus and the true meaning of Christmas is removed from the world... It's sad when a cartoon such as this may very well be one of the last strongholds Christians have on our own identity.My own personal soapbox aside, this movie is great. It's timely, even today. It's meaningful and it's truth personified. It teaches about the things that really matter in life, not the superficial garbage most people tend to worry about during the holidays.God Bless Charlie Brown!
850 positivo  Who doesn't like this movie? Christmas isn't complete unless you watch this movie at least once during the holiday season.
851 positivo  My all-time favortie Christmas cartoon! I watched "A Charlie Brown Christmas" when it first aired in the 60's and just about every Christmas since then! It is my favorite Christmas cartoon not just because it is entertaining, but it has a message about the true meaning of Christmas! This little cartoon has become a tradition in our family. Older children who are used to fast-paced, action cartoons may find it a bit on the slow side, but adults and small children will enjoy its look at the Christmas season. Its message is timelier today than it was in 1965. Plus the musical score has also become a classic. This DVD includes a second Peanuts Christmas special, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown". While it is not in the same class as "A Charlie Brown Christmas", it is still very fun to watch. Highly recommended!
852 positivo  Perfect! How do you not love this story?Charlie Brown and the gang remind us that the true meaning of Christmas is not in putting on a perfect Christmas pageant, or finding and receiving the perfect gift, but in celebrating the Savior's birth. I love watching them with the scrawny little tree, as they remember what Christmas is all about.This movie is a must-have in my opinion!
853 positivo  probably the most Christmastime feeling you will ever have Coming from England, I'd never heard of this movie, though I always enjoyed reading the Peanuts comic strips whenever I came across them. After moving to the US and hearing so much about it from my friends I decided to buy it for myself to see what all the fuss was about.In short, I loved it! It is the most heartwarming and poignant little Christmas story I have ever seen, and I can understand why it stirs such warm memories in my friends, most of whom are in the 25-35 year old age category. The colours are bright and vivid, and the music is incredibly apt while still being jolly. The early scene where Charlie Brown is standing at the window looking out at the falling snow, while the piano theme plays in the background simply makes you feel better just for having seen it!I suppose it brings back childhood memories for us all, the happiest of which we selectively retain. It was great to be young an innocent, and to have lots of friends, and just enjoy the simplicity of playing in the snow. Charles Schultz knew this, and it permeates all his cartoons - as does his inherent warmth and good naturedness.If you have children, buy this for yourself then pretend it was for them! For my part, I oringinally intended to watch this every Christmastime. Now I just watch it whenever I need cheering up.Granted it is only 25 minutes long, and the sequel is pretty weak sadly, but anything that makes you feel this good is money well spent. Don't hesitate, just buy it!!!!
854 positivo  One of the Cutest Christmas Specials Ever!! I am 10 years old and a huge fan of the Peanuts. Each Christmas I watch this movie at least once and I am never disappointed. The kids' Christmas pagaent, Snoopy's 1st prize ribbon for Best Decorated DogHouse, and Charlie's poor little broken-down tree are stand-outs. All the characters shine...Lucy and her group are as bratty as ever, Linus is as wise, Shroeder (sp?) is as bent on Beethoven, and, of course, good ol' Charlie Brown, the old soul, is as wishy-washy and awkward is his loveable way. The gang adds something to my Christmas every holiday season.
855 positivo  Year After Year .... A Christmas Treasure!! "A Charlie Brown Christmas", originally aired in 1965, is simply a PERFECT television program! It can make you laugh, and cry, and think! I watch this program at least once every Christmas season, and have never failed to enjoy it immensely! It's similar to Christmas itself ... it's there to be treasured each and every year! There are so many little things we remember, and love, about this standout cartoon: Snoopy's "1st Prize" for his decorated dog house .... Linus' "meaning of Christmas" .... the great piano music score .... and, of course, Charlie Brown's poor little under-nourished tree! ("Maybe all it needs is a little love," exclaimed Linus. He was right!) MERRY CHRISTMAS, CHARLIE BROWN!!
856 positivo  the TRUE "true meaning of Christmas" A lot of people think the "spirit of the season" or the "true meaning of Christmas" is that people should be generous and charitable. Although people should remember the less fortunate at all times of the year, including Christmas, the true reason for this Christian holiday is to remember the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ. Linus recites the Christmas story from the Bible, explaining to Charlie Brown that the birth of Christ is what Christmas is all about. "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is one of the only cartoon Christmas specials that I know actually discusses the TRUE "true meaning of Christmas." I enjoyed watching this cartoon as a child and I'm sure my own daughter will enjoy it, too.
857 positivo  My all Time Favorite Special fom PEANUTS!!! Poor Charlie Brown is sad around holiday time... In a way he was right about the holiday being to Comercial.. The Peanuts do a WONDERFUL job of telling kids about the true meaning of Christmas. It is not just getting presants.. It is about having friends and family around. I won't spoil the rest, but watch for Linus telling Charlie Brown what Christmas is really about.. This is something all of us could watch and feel good about..
858 positivo  CHRISTMAS TREAT Word has it that Charles Schultz, when presented with the idea of an animated Christmas special for television based on his wildly popular "grown-up" kids, he insisted that it feature the Bible prominently. The studio honchos thought this would be poison; Schultz held out, feeling that the message of the Christmas story was infinitely more compelling than something fictional and fanciful. He was right, of course, and Linus' shepherd soliloquy remains the highlight of this delightful, melancholy and enduring musical treat. Those Peanuts characters, with their odd heads and instantly recognizable voices, are as much philosophers as they are cartoons. This is one special everyone should watch every year, and get a bit of real Christmas.
859 positivo  A classic Wonderful--it's a timeless holiday treasure that people of ages can enjoy. It's funny, touching, and offers a sweet search for the "true meaning of Christmas."
860 positivo  Withstands the Passage of Time This program is as wonderful this year as it was the very first year I saw it. I watched it on my Kindle Fire last night and could not get over just how clear the picture was and how crisp the sound was. I enjoyed and appreciated the extra programing after the main show, but the newer shows will never be as good to me as the original! I actually missed the advertiser and advertisements that sponsored the program in the first years ;-)Streaming this from my Kindle to my TV will allow for the rest of the family to watch...and did you ever think, when you watched this for the very first time, that you would watch this on your own personal TV (tablet/android/phone) and then stream it to your big screen TV? I know I never would have dreamed of such a thing!
861 positivo  Wonderful program, disappointing audio This is one of the most wonderful programs ever put on TV. However, the DVD has some very disappointing sound problems that make me hope that this treasure has not been lost forever, and that maybe there is a better version in our future.The program, particularly the audio, seems like it has been poorly "restored." However that restoration is more like amateurish remodeling. Old programs are always a little scratchy sounding. That's OK. However, when an bad effort is made to hide that fact, it can spoil the program. Here is what you get in many instances in this DVD, to distacting annoyance:The children are speaking, with soft jazz music in the background. Where there is a moment without a syllable, the sound level drops, like the volume was turned down for just that moment. Not only does this suck the atmosphere out of the program, and generate noticable odd silent spots in a program with acceptable old fashioned tape hiss at all other moments, but it spoils the wonderful musical background, making it go quiet when you are supposed to hear it. This occurs throughout the program.Less of a concern is that there are a few "glitches" where several frames seem to be lost, which is jarring, especially when the music jumps. Also, at the end, the final credits music awkwardly fades out before it is over. I understand that there had been a commercial logo originally that they did not want to include, but they should have let the music continue. Perhaps someone just chopped it off of the print, and the fade is to avoid the chop.I hope that somewhere there is a better print to work with, so that the full joy of this program can be savored.Until then, I'll enjoy the wonderful Vince Guaraldi music on the CD, which has excellent sound quality.
862 positivo  A Gunuine Christmas Classic For All Ages Perhaps the most endearing of all the Charlie Brown specials is "A Charlie Brown Christmas", the first in a long series of made for t.v. half hour films portraying the famous Peanuts Gang.For almost forty years, watching "A Charlie Brown Christmas" has been an eagerly anticipated event for millions of households. I recall watching it as far back as twenty-two years ago, and have watched it every Christmas since."A Charlie Brown Christmas" was made in a time when commercialism was running rampant all over the country. Stores advertising to shoppers what they ought to buy, long before Thanksgiving had come and gone. Unfortunately, we still see this blatant commercialism today, which makes this short film so very poignant and all the more special.Charlie Brown is assigned to direct the school Christmas pageant, much to his glee; for he feels accepted and worthy. When Lucy tells him to go out and get an alumminum tree, he takes Linus along with him. What Charlie Brown ultimately gets is a small, sickly looking tree, which is rapidly loosing its needles. But, Charlie can see how much the tree "needs him", somebody; something which he can identity with.When he returns, he finds the gang dancing to un-Christmas like music, instead of rehearsing their lines. They stop to take a look at the tree he brought, immediately burtsing out in mocking laughter. Apparently Charlie Brown has failed again. In disgust and humiliation he flees, taking the tree with him. And when he comes upon Snoopy's dog house, all decked out in Christmas lights, not to celebrate the joyous holiday, but to win money in a contest, Charlie Brown has had enough, and almost loses all faith in Christmas.Linus saves the day, somehow able to bring the tree back to life, and make it look much healthier and stronger. But it is when he explains the meaning of Christmas that the "gang" gets the point of Christmas, and what Charlie Brown was trying to do."A Charlie Brown Christmas" ends with newfound meaning for Christmas, hopefully not soon forgotten by either the Peanuts Gang, or, more importantly ... us.
863 positivo  My favorite Christmas special I realize that I am writing this several weeks after Christmas, and this is a Christmas DVD, but this is the first year that I missed watching "A Charlie Brown Christmas" on television, so I rented the DVD. Ever since I was a little boy, this has been my favorite Christmas special, and one that I always looked forward to watching every year. I grew up reading the Peanuts comic strips and I grew up watching the Peanuts Christmas special.Charlie Brown is depressed. He can't seem to get himself into the Christmas spirit. He doesn't like the commercialism of Christmas and scarcely knows the true meaning of Christmas. Lucy selects Charlie Brown to be the director of their Christmas play and he decides to get a Christmas tree for the production. The other kids tell him to get a "nice shiny aluminum tree, maybe a pink one", but Charlie Brown and Linus bring back a sad looking real tree. Charlie Brown is almost laughed out of the auditorium, but when he asks if anyone knows what Christmas is all about, Linus has the answer. Linus recites a passage from the Bible telling of the birth of Jesus. Charlie Brown is cheered and leaves with the tree. He tries to decorate the little tree, but even that is ruined. Linus and the gang follow behind, fix up the tree, and at the end, they show the true spirit of Christmas.It is a sweet little Christmas special, filled with memorable moments that will always make me smile. The one thing that amazes me is that Charles Schulz was able to include Linus's speech near the end about the birth of Jesus. I don't imagine that would have been able to be included today, but I think the special is all the stronger for it. I have a hard time imagining that any new Christmas show will ever hold as special a place in my heart as "A Charlie Brown Christmas".This DVD also includes "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown" (1992). This Christmas feature is lacking the overall charm and emotion of the older special, but it has a lot more humor. It is also different from the first Christmas special in that this one is more a series of vignettes (perhaps based on Schulz's comic strips) than a complete story. There are sequences with Charlie Brown trying to sell Christmas wreaths before Thanksgiving, and of Sally rehearsing for a Christmas play. Sally's sole line is "Hark!", though I think she missed the rest of her lines where the herald angels sing. It is a cute cartoon, but ultimately it does not quite live up to "A Charlie Brown Christmas", but it my mind, nothing can live up to that one.
864 positivo  Blu-ray review We all know how we love watching this every year, but is it really worth it to buy the Blu-ray? Well, you don't just get a Blu-ray disc with this release, you also get a second disc that is essentially the remastered SD-DVD that is playable on any standard DVD player. Also, this DVD allows you to download the feature onto your computer/laptop/ipod. So for $20 you get three versions of the film (HD, SD, portable). The picture quality on the Blu-ray is a little better than the remastered DVD, the colors are a little bolder for sure (I'm watching on a professionally calibrated 50" Pioneer Kuro). Also, there is a new 5.1 audio mix that was not on the standard DVD that sounds very engaging.If you already own the remastered DVD, I wouldn't necessarily rush out and buy this. If you don't have the remastered DVD, it's a must buy because you get the Blu-ray and remastered DVD (and the "free" download) for a halfway decent price.
865 positivo  Remember aluminum Christmas trees from the '60s and '70s? There really were aluminum Christmas trees back then. There were also pink frosted trees with some really psychedelic decorations, too.I've watched this every year since I was a child. I used to stare up at the TV while CBS played that "SPECIAL" graphic and music and then . . . there it was: The Charlie Brown Christmas special!Now that I'm an adult, my schedule has almost made me miss the show each Christmas season. But now that I have the video, I will never miss it! A friend of mine even gave me the cassette of Vince Guaraldi's musical score to go along with it. Hooray!I'm always touched by the message in the story. Christmas is too commercial. It pains me to see Christmas stuff in the stores before school starts, or to see commercials pandering to children so their parents can buy more stuff. But watching Charlie Brown and the gang reminds me of a simpler time.Snoopy, with his gaudily decorated dog house, represents all that's commercial and greedy about Christmas. Charlie Brown tries to overcome that with his involvement in the school play and his search for the right Christmas tree to set the mood for the play cast members.I love this show. I heard that ABC bought the rights away from CBS for all the Charlie Brown specials. But I'm glad I have my video copy so now I don't have to worry about whether it airs or not.
866 positivo  A Christmas treat for both children and adults! Don't let the animation fool you, this is as much a movie for adults as it is for children. The classical score and the witty dialogue combine to make this one of the most sophisticated cartoons and one of my most cherished Christmas traditions. It is heartwarming to watch as Charlie Brown and the Peanuts gang rediscover the true meaning of Christmas.
867 positivo  Made to be enjoyed year after year Christmas is coming, but Charlie Brown can't get into the Christmas spirit. Seems all the hustle and bustle leaves him feeling sad. Lucy suggests that he direct the Christmas play, but it doesn't seem to be helping. Can Charlie Brown find the real meaning of Christmas?This is an absolute holiday classic. I can remember watching this every year when it was on, and today it never fails to put me in the Christmas mood. It's really amazing how well this stands up, even though the animation is far from perfect and some of the references are out of date. (Aluminum trees anyone?) Still, for me, that's part of the charm. All the characters are true to their comic strip personalities, making for some very funny lines and moments.Also included on the DVD release is It's Christmas Time Again, Charlie Brown. This second special is an animated collection of some of the Christmas themed strips from the late 80's. There's no single story and it's not as charming as the first, but I enjoy it and its great moments. ("Hockey Stick!")The DVD offers no extras beyond these two Christmas features, but the picture quality and sound are excellent.This DVD is a must for all Peanuts fans, but belongs in the library of anyone who enjoys Christmas specials so it can be enjoyed year after year.
868 positivo  Beloved classic, and deservedly so "A Charlie Brown Christmas" first aired on CBS in December 1965 ("brought to you by Dolly Madison and the people in your town who bottle Coca-Cola"), and has been revived every year since, most recently on ABC. Even so, this charming animated classic exudes such warmth and genuine holiday spirit that it deserves a permanent place in the collection of anyone who values the true meaning of Christmas and the late Charles M. Schulz's all too human "Peanuts" characters.Schulz once said that his legendary comic strip was never intended for children, and "A Charlie Brown Christmas" may hold greater meaning for adults, especially those who remember it from their childhood. Who can't relate to Charlie Brown and his inability to find joy in the season proclaimed by everyone as the happiest of all? Today, he would likely be diagnosed with SAD (seasonal affective disorder) and put on Prozac to prevent him from wondering what Christmas is all about.But Charles Schulz was wiser than any psychologist, and he recognized Charlie's depression for what it is: a yearning to know life's deeper meaning. He finds it through Linus who shares with him "the tidings of great joy" found in Luke 2:10-11. It's a beautiful moment that may explain why this classic remains so beloved in our increasingly secular, cynical world.But there's a lot to love about "A Charlie Brown Christmas." The child actors who voice Charlie Brown (Peter Robbins), Linus (Christopher Shea) and the entire Peanuts gang capture the personalities superbly, Snoopy is at his radical best, and then there's Vince Guaraldi's jazz score, a jewel of perfection that features the beautiful "Christmas Time Is Here."It's been said that art can heal. There's no better proof of that than the work of Charles M. Schulz whose simple drawings combined with a profound understanding of human nature made him one of the greatest healers of all.Brian W. Fairbanks
869 positivo  Still brings tears to your eyes! A TRUE Christmas classic. There are lots of great Christmas movies and TV shows that are fun to watch each year, from CHRISTMAS VACATION to THE GRINCH. But there is something special about Charlie Brown's take.First of all, it's the only mainstream Christmas classic that actually DARES to bring the story of the birth of Jesus to front and center!! When Linus takes centerstage and quotes the bible for us, you can almost feel the air suck out of the room. It's a moment of simple drama that can really bring a tear to your eye. Linus, without saying a harsh word, essentially tells everyone to "shut up and remember the meaning of this holiday!" It's a beautiful moment.There's plenty of amusing stuff too. The pitiful tree...Snoopy's hijinks, etc. It's not laugh out loud funny, of course, but sweet and innocent. These are kids who live in a world without adults...and don't seem to need them either! It's always a nice 22 minute trip down memory lane. Every adult should own this...if only to take minute to journey back to childhood. And kids need to keep seeing this. I'm glad it has remained a classic.The animation is no great shakes, of course, but the style is executed marvelously. The voice acting, on the other hand, leaves nothing to be desired. The kids involved have done a terrific job. The music, ever present, is great, as we've come to expect from any Peanuts special. All in all, this is a MUST OWN DVD.(I do wish there were more extras available. Other than a 2nd Christmas special...it's okay, but no classic...there is nothing. Can't believe there isn't some little documentary or something out there.)
870 positivo  The Best Present Of All My children are a little old (age-wise) for this, but we all still enjoy watching it around this time of year. This classic will never die out, as it will be enjoyed for many generations to come.Having always been a huge fan of Charlie Brown to begin with, this is, by far, my favorite Christmas special. I can remember seeing it for the first time like it was yesterday. Charles Shulzz did one amazing job with this classic. This short animated special shows children the true meaning of Christmas, and Linus' delightful explanation is timeless in its teaching.This classic is something that can be enjoyed by people of all ages, but especially by families with small children. This is just one great video that would make an excellent addition to anyone's collection.
871 positivo  A Christmas Original from Charlie Brown My grandchildren and I enjoyed the gentle reminders in this classic movie of what Christmas is really about! Since the broadcasters frequently preempt this traditional Christmas program with political or other events, we are very glad to have our own copy now. Merry Christmas at all!
872 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas I sent this DVD to my grandson in Vienna, Austria; it was for him to enjoy it, and not getting bored while the family was gathering; it ended up that the entire family "gathered around Charlie Brown"
873 positivo  best soundtrack ever! The classic christmas special, best to buy this because the network cuts it up to fit in more commercials.
874 positivo  MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!! In honor of today being Christmas Eve, I thought I'd review this classic. This is another childhood favorite. When Charlie Brown feels that Christmas has gone too commercial, Lucy gets him to direct the school Christmas play. When he gets a crappy little Christmas tree for the play, everyone is mad at him, and wants to know what Christmas is all about. I highly recommend A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS!!!
875 positivo  Timeless! A Charlie Brown Christmas can be best described as "classic." It may not be as excellent as It's A Wonderful Life or Home Alone, but it's truly one of the great TV specials that has become a staple for this holiday season. Like many other Christmas specials, I always find myself in high spirits whenever I watch this. Most of the characters from Peanuts are here; the voices are surprisingly effective. The animation is quite simplistic, but it's still beautifully drawn. The humor is very appropriate for this time of year: it's very light and never offensive (if you want crude and offensive, check out Christmas Time in South Park on DVD!). The message is plain and simple: Christmas isn't always about toys and decorations, but most importantly, it's always about the birth of Jesus Christ. I may not be religious, but I'm always moved when Linus explains what Christmas is all about with his truly unforgettable monologue. The monologue itself is delivered in a very straightforward manner, but I think that's the point. It's not dull, nor is it melodramatic. And I think it's the biblical text that makes it all the more powerful.You should definitely check out A Charlie Brown Christmas if you haven't already. It may be only half an hour long, but overall, it's funny and heartwarming.
876 positivo  Great show, but the glitter slipcover is ridiculous! The show is great. I watch it every Christmas with my family and we never get tired of it. But as much as I would love to give this product five stars, I had to knock a star off due to the ridiculous slipcover. The glitter is messssyyyy! Be prepared to wash your hands every time you handle this! I don't know where WB's brains are when they created this slipcover. I feel bad for the people that have to stock this on store shelves. Their hands must get really messy. But other than that, this show is great and it comes with a DVD too. So, I think the $20 is a fair price. Highly recommended so long as you don't mind washing your hands often ;)
877 positivo  The reason I loved Christmas As a kid I saw this every Christmas. When released into video, I rushed to buy it. I love how in this video, life seems safe and funny. It hints at the true meaning of Christmas from religious point of view and mentions the fact that commercials have told us what to buy and how much.Linus is philosophical, Charlie Brown is moody, Lucy is grouchy and the gang is all there and just as you remember them. It is a excellent video for Kids to enjoy the holiday spirit. Adults will love the sincerity and warmth that the characters and overall story contain.In the end, a sad tree looks beautiful to everyone due to love put into the tree and the Christmas spirit in the childrens hearts. I hope you love it as much as I did. I happily recommend it to anyone.
878 positivo  Merry Christmas Charlie Brown One of the best Christmas movies ever made the story is so true about everyone forgetting the real meaning of Christmas. I have the book and the movie and you can watch it all year I never get tired of it.
879 positivo  Great Christmas Classic I loved this movie as a kid and still enjoy it. With the remastered deluxe edition the color is great.
880 positivo  Classic Christmas This is a gem of a production of a Christmas classic, sure to please children and adults alike.
881 positivo  Peanuts lover from Tampa I just love this Peanuts cartoon, it brings me back to the simple times of the 60's and 70's and I fondly remember when I first saw this, I had just arrived in this country and so whenever I see it I go back to that time. Christmas was nicer and more fun then. Charles SHultz was a great man to have done Peanuts and I can see his heart felt feelings in each cartoon. Everyone will enjoy this Christmas cartoon and the message it has.
882 positivo  It's failer time at Christmas for Charlie Brown Charlie Brown starts out by talking to his best friend, Linus about how he is not happy at Christmas time. he says, "I like decorating, and giving presents, but I'm still not happy" then Linus informs Charlie, "Charlie Brown, you're the only person I know who can take a great holiday like Christmas and turn it into a problem. Like Lucy says, of all the Charlie Browns in the world your the Charlie Brownest." Everyone in the cartoon thinks that Christmas is getting too commercial. Lucy thinks that Charlie Brown has Pantaphobia which is the fear of everything. Also she thinks he needs involvement to feel better so Charlie Brown becomes the director of the school play. He then is givin the task of getting a Christmas tree, but just finds more failer. So watch the first animated peanuts cartoon.
883 positivo  We don't see this precious gem of a holiday program much on TV anymore. Perhaps, that's because.. ..it is one of the very, very few Christmas holiday specials that dares to explain the true, "true meaning of Christmas", the birth of the lord and savior Jesus Christ in a humble manger, brought into the world to die for our sins and be gloriously resurrected. My goodness, how did Charles Schulz ever get this animated episode past the censors in the '60s? Perhaps there was still residual religious and charitable feeling then.Oh, Charlie Brown, your condemnation of Christmas cupidity, materialism, and carnal cheer would be even harsher today, and sadly, more ignored today! You would even get embroiled in the "Christmas vs. Holiday" controversy, encountered by Governor Lincoln Chafee in Rhode Island, for example. You might even despair, and you might need Linus's gentle, matter-of-fact guidance even more. Some believe Jesus to be non-existent, or at least an actual but mythologized figure. Whether we do or not, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is nevertheless instructive. It reminds us that what the world needs more than ever is faith, hope, charity, and kindness for ALL. You showed us that, Charlie and Linus, embodiments of reason and spirituality. Thank you.
884 positivo  Linus steals the show with scriptures about the birth of Jesus I grew up watching this classic on television and didn't appreciate until now that the Christian message of the Savior's Birth is supported in this film. As commercialized and non-Christ as Christmas has become in this day and age, it's nice to have the true story of Christmas retold in this classic Peanuts presentation.
885 positivo  Essential Holiday Viewing of the 1965 Classic Plus a Fitfully Entertaining 1992 Follow-Up How anyone could not love "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is beyond comprehension? It's been part of my childhood memories since it first aired in 1965. Seeing it again forty years later, I am still impressed by how Charles Schultz combined character-driven humor, holiday-related poignancy and Vince Guaraldi's memorable music into such a nostalgic jewel. What strikes me more now is the number of religious references Schultz made unobtrusively within the theme of the cartoon - how to deal with the increasing commercial exploitation of Christmas. The plot revolves around Charlie Brown's duties as the director of the school's Christmas play as a means to divulge the true meaning of Christmas. I still love the tableaux shot of all the children dancing in a mid-1960's beatnik style.Needless to say, he is surrounded by the cynicism of his schoolmates, and it all comes to a head when Charlie Brown buys a sad little tree as the centerpiece of the play. His best friend Linus articulates the meaning of Christmas by quoting Luke 2:8-14 from the King James translation of the Bible. At the end, everyone gathers around the tree (given new life by using the decorations Snoopy uses to win 1st prize in the doghouse decoration contest) and sings "Hark! The Herald Angel Sings". Because the cartoon focuses on Charlie Brown's singular journey, the message has a sweetly-turned resonance that remains touching to this day. It's a timeless must-see for any child or adult.The same really can't be said for the second cartoon included in the DVD, 1992's "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown". Twenty-seven years later, most of the gang is back in what amounts to a series of vignettes about Christmas, but because Charlie Brown is only one of the characters whose holiday dilemmas are addressed here, it feels more like a hodgepodge of comedy bits - some funny, some rather tired. The other sad inevitable fact is that the voices are different, a point of discontinuity that feels a bit jarring when seeing the cartoons sequentially. I also miss some of the original characters like Pig-Pen and Beethoven-playing Schroeder and frankly don't find some of their replacements as likeable.Charlie Brown's only challenge this time is being able to afford a pair of gloves for his crush Peggy Jean. It appears that Peppermint Patty and Charlie Brown's little sister Sally are the ones trying to find the meaning of Christmas this time with many of the other characters (like Lucy and even Snoopy) relegated to small bits. The familiarity of the characters and Guaraldi's music, however, still make this one leagues better than similar children's programming. The combination of the original classic and this derivative makes for superior viewing.
886 positivo  The very best THIS IS A FANTASTIC WAY TO SHARE THE TRUE MEANING OF X-MAS!!!
887 positivo  Who doesn't love this movie? Great classic & my 3 year old loves it! We watch it together as a family and we all have a great time.
888 positivo  Best Holiday Movie Grew up on it, and now my kids get to enjoy it. Its a classic, and one of the best Charlie Brown movies ever made
889 positivo  Party Entertainment I played it during my Peanuts Gang Christmas Party. I muted the sound so people could still visit, but could enjoy seeing the pictures. Great background entertainment.
890 positivo  just plain FUN all the laffs and poignant moments as always . Lioness puts it all in perspective as always , blanket in tow ... ENJOY a little history
891 positivo  Great Christmas Classic. One of the best Christmas films, especially when it is time to break out the Christmas films. A Good present and certainly entertaining.
892 positivo  The best of the best!!! This is the holy grail of Christmas movies to all of us who grew up with Charlie Brown. All of Charlie's movies have a lesson to learn. Am sure a lot of folks would find it politically incorrect now but I don't. It does read a passage from the bible, which is pretty much banned everywhere these days.
893 neutral  Good movie This is a classic and always good. I used it for my students in class as Charlie Brown never goes out of style.
894 positivo  REAL CHRISTIAN CARTOON IT IS A GOOD CARTOON FOR CHRISTMAS AND A REAL GOOD CHRISTIAN CARTOON IT IS TRUE FOR SURE THANKS CHARLES FOR THIS ONE
895 positivo  Classic Watched this with my two year old daughter for the first time this Christmas. It was nice to watch a classic movie that I grew up watching as a kid myself, with her as well as with my hubby. The Peanuts gang is classic and simple. Love them!
896 positivo  Holiday Tradition when I was growing up, during the week before Thanksgiving, I would pull out my copy of 'A Charlie Brown Christmas' and would watch it constantly until Christmas, its one of my FAVORITE holiday movies of all time. I recently started my own tradition with my little ones by introducing them to this movie, and each year as the holidays start to arrive they beg me to pull it out and we watch it every day until Christmas.
897 positivo  A family tradition never missed. As a child I swore I would never be one of those adults who missed the days of "quality" programming from their younger years. Well, I have to say they just don't make Christmas specials like they use to."A Charlie Brown Christmas" has become such a tradition in American families that I would not be surprised if every adult born in this country has at one time or another seen this cartoon.The quality of the story writing is extraordinary. This is one of the most joyous cartoons. I can't imagine anyone not feeling the pain Charlie Brown feels while watching the video. This is an absolute must for all families. All kids should see this at least once.
898 positivo  A Holiday classic. My brothers and I always watch this during the Christmas season. Whenever I think of the Peanuts Gang, this Christmas video is the first thing to come to mind. It's funny, touching, and full of the true meaning of Christmas. A must buy.
899 positivo  The Family Favorite that never gets old. As kids, we waited with great anticipation for Christmas to roll around and nothing marked the onset of the season like this Peanuts classic. As much an integral part of the holidays as the smell of turkey roasting, decorating the tree and the Arizona Cardinals not making the postseason. Possibly THE best soundtrack of all time, featuring Vincent Guaraldi's jazzy takes on Christmas classics and "Linus and Lucy." You owe it to yourself, your kids and grandkids to add this to your collection!
900 negativo  "Digital Copy" not compatible with iPod or Macs ("Windows Media only") Classic TV special, but the promise of a "digital copy" is misleading. On the back of the cardboard slipcover, in tiny print, is listed this limitation: "Windows Media-compatible only." It is implausible that a consumer would come across this disclaimer when making a purchase decision based in part on the overtly advertised inclusion of a "digital copy," a term most consumers associate with the ability to view media on an iPod.
901 positivo  Christ is the Center of Christmas Thank God that Charles Shultz was alive before the "politically correct" ambassadors of the world decided that we have to celebrate commercialism rather than Christ at Christmas. This is a delightful collection of winter and holiday vignettes that culminate in a wonderful Christmas celebration that has become a classic like Miracle on 34th Stree and It's a Wonderful Life. Parents should watch this with their whole families as it has appeal for all generations.
902 positivo  A Christmas Classic in HD! "A Charlie Brown Christmas" has been a tradition in my family every year since I was young, and back then we watched it on a VHS tape. Then came DVD, and now we have this lovely Blu-Ray edition.Prospective buyers should note that the movie does not play in the full-screen format of many Blu-Rays. I assume that this is because the film was created for television and thus the aspect ratio was different. "Charlie Brown" shorts are not exactly known for sweeping visual quality in the first place; the style is sparse and simple, and that's what so many people, myself included, love about it. Despite the fact that the television screen isn't filled, the clarity of the picture is exceptionally vivid, putting our old VHS copy to shame. The special features include some interesting behind-the-scenes material, likely to delight any and all longtime fans of the film. The second feature included, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown" gets very little play in our home. It just never caught on or made the same impact as the original, both with my family and the general public. Nonetheless, it's nice that it was included, it gives you just that much more bang for your buck.I'd highly recommend this to any new or longtime fans of "Peanuts." If you're anything like me, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is essential holiday viewing, and this Blu-Ray is a great way to view it!
903 positivo  A Family Favorite ! THE greatest. I had watched this every year since I was a kid. The message is as relevant today as it was in the 60's when this special was first presented. Especially good for young children to learn the reason for the season! Highly recommended.
904 positivo  Good Grief:) Christmas will never be chirstmas without Charlie Brown and the gang!!! My children were entertained with this one growing up and now it is a tradition in our family. Grandchildren now enjoying .
905 positivo  Classic! This is one of the few Christmas specials that is still aired every year and is one that drove my mom crazy when I was young because she found Charlie Brown to be annoying. After forty-seven-years since it debuted, it still receives millions of viewers. It is one of the few cartoons that gives kids the real meaning of Christmas.
906 positivo  Commercialism VS Compassion As with most of the PEANUTS episodes, we may find this more profound than we were expecting it to be.Charlie Brown is sad because Christmas is coming up: "I know no one likes me. Why do we need a holiday to emphasize it?" Whether we are willing to admit this or not, Charlie Brown's attitude towards Christmas here is quite common. Lucy seems to be just a bit nicer in this episode. She offers to help Charlie Brown find involvement by having him direct a Christmas play.From here, Charlie seems to get upset about the commercialized aspects of Christmas. (Even Sally wants $10.s and $20.s from Santa.) Later, we go to the play being rehearsed. Charlie feels that no one has the spirit of Christmas. (Though Charlie himself is not quite sure what it is.) The gang needs a tree, and Charlie and Linus go to get one. It is interesting that Linus all of a sudden backs Charlie's feelings: "Christmas is not only getting too commercial, it's getting too dangerous." They find a tree that looks on the frail side, but Charlie does not hesitate for a moment to pick it. It is interesting that Linus DOES NOT rebuke Charlie for his choice, but he DOES WARN Charlie that his choice may not be appreciated.(In other words, 'You're doing a nice thing, but don't expect to be popular for it.')Naturally, Charlie is mocked and scorned for his compassion rooted choice. At this point, Linus reveals the true meaning of Christmas. (A fragment of "Luke" 2:1-20 which is usually used for the Christmas mass.) This is when the gang starts to realize that Charlie did a wonderful thing (showing compassion) that kept with the spirit of Christmas.My one slight complaint is that a comment Linus makes at the start seems inconsistent with his character: "Charlie Brown, you're the only one I know who can take a wonderful season like Christmas and turn it into a problem." Throughout the episode, Linus seems aware that Christmas has become too commercialized and in some ways has gotten dangerous. To say nothing of the true meaning being lost, and someone may be scorned (as Charlie Brown was) for trying to uphold the true meaning of Christmas.
907 positivo  Best ever This is the best popular culture segment regarding the most important holiday in human history. The reason is that it deals with the point of Christmas: Christ.
908 negativo  Return of the Missing Scene Aside from the excellent transfer, the DVD also contains a scene that was omitted from the network broadcasts for many years, no doubt to make room for more commercials. It immediately followed the scene where the characters are catching snowflakes on their tongues. They are shown throwing snowballs at an old tin can on a fence. When this scene ends, it slowly stops snowing and Charlie Brown goes to Lucy's Psychiatric Help stand. This explains the abruptness in the network broadcasts and older videocassette releases when one moment it's snowing and the next it's not as well as the obvious cut in the background music. I haven't looked at the supplemental material yet (I would've preferred an old interview with Charles Schulz on the making of this special), but just having the complete, uncut program makes this DVD worth the price.
909 positivo  Linus tells us what Christmas is all about Charlie Brown wants to know what Christmas is all about and Linus has the answer. Can you imagine any other show daring to give that same answer today? Just a gentle reminder from Charles Schulz that the simplest answers are always the best.
910 positivo  A Christmas Tradition! Watching "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is as traditional as decorating the tree at our house. Although this video is quite old, the lesson of remembering the true meaning of Christmas is definately not outdated. The catchy theme song and Linus's explaining the true meaning of Christmas will never be out of style! This is a video that families can watch together and BOTH parents and kids will enjoy. It shares its wisdom in a way that is fun, not preachy or too heavy for children. In my opinion, this is a far better Christmas special than many new ones that are being produced!
911 positivo  This is a Christmas Classic for all Ages I have watched this wonderful movie every year since I was 8 or 9. It never fails to get me and my family in the Christmas spirit. No matter how many times you watch it, you never get bored with it.
912 positivo  The Best Animated Xmas feature Charlie Brown searches for the true meaning of Christmas in a world besieged by commercialism. The story Charlie Brown's quest works on a number of different levels, making it worthwhile viewing for children and adults. This half-hour special hits the mark with its message, its wit, music and charm.
913 positivo  All time favorites I just bought the DVD to this great Christmas Special dated back to 1965. Who cannot love the Peanuts gang and Snoopy. Also, the DVD has It's Christmas Time Again Charlie Brown which is a bonus feature. Great family entertainment!! Too bad they don't make them like this anymore.
914 positivo  Refreshingly Pre-PC Imagine a school where the kids are putting on a CHRISTMAS PLAY at Christmas! What a concept!I saw this movie the first year it came out on tv, 1965, and have probably seen it every year since. It is 20 minutes of timeless genius.This movie will live forever - that is, if the Charlotte, NC School Board doesn't get hold of it.
915 positivo  Wonderful! received quickly and in exceptional cond. will look for this seller again. A+++
916 positivo  Great Christmas Classic I used to watch "A Charlie Brown Christmas" every year as a child and now my kids love to watch it. Even now, I'll sit and watch it with them-anytime of year. More importantly, this Christmas story emphasizes the true meaning of Christmas-something I'm happy to have my children watching.
917 positivo  JUST LOVELY! The candor, naive-approach and lack of malice of Schultz characters, make Charlie Brown and buddies one of the finest experiences, not only in Christmas but through the whole year. And kids love it, no matter their age.
918 positivo  A Christmas Classic Christmastime is officially here, and while everyone is having fun decorating, and putting together their Christmas wish lists, Charlie Brown is having doubts about the whole holiday. He seems to be having trouble finding the true meaning of Christmas, so he visits Psychiatrist Lucy who presents him with one solution to his problem. Be the director of the Christmas play! Charlie Brown happily accepts the job, but when he sets out to find the perfect Christmas tree to use as a stage prop, everyone is disappointed in his decision. As the tree is small, and scraggly. But this one little tree is exactly what Charlie Brown and everyone else needed, to realize what the true meaning of Christmas is. After all, it's a beautiful tree who just needs a little love.Fans of Charlie Brown will relish in this holiday tale that will help anyone, even the most grinchiest of people, find the true meaning of Christmas, and realize that the holiday doesn't have to be so commercial. With beautiful animation, and a wonderfully inspirational storyline, A CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS, is a must-see for all fans, young and old.Erika Sorocco
919 positivo  Truly an evergreen... ...and I'm not talking about Charlie Brown's tree.I really can't remember when I first saw this special. Couldn't have been the debut year of 1965, as in those pre-cable days, our antenna couldn't pull in a CBS station. More likely would've been circa 1971 or 1972, long enough for this to have been firmly established as a holiday staple.At that age, eleven or twelve, I would've been well past the age where I might've sat in toddler awe at some of my favorite comic strip characters coming to life. And celebrating my favorite holiday, no less.Despite my "advanced" age, I still thoroughly enjoyed the show, even if my ability to appreciate it was substantially limited to Snoopy's antics and Schroeder's exasperation in finding a version of "Jingle Bells" suitable to the reigning fussbudget, Lucy Van Pelt.As my age truly advances, it becomes even more enjoyable to find more layers to the cartoon. Much as the Warner Brothers classic cartoons were not truly written for children, but for the writers' own amusement, a more adult view of Charles Schulz's work reveals that this really isn't kiddie fodder.In a way, Vince Guaraldi's score illustrates the point perfectly. Out in front is the "Linus and Lucy" theme, a bouncy tune to which any age can be-bop along. Contrast that with "Christmastime Is Here"; the lyrics are cheerful, joyful, perfectly descriptive of a child's delight at the season's arrival.And yet, the tune belies the sentiment. It is nearly hopeful, yet somber, knowing it's missing something but not sure what that might be. Just like Charlie Brown's dilemma throughout everyone else's festivities.The only real disappointment on this disc would be the bonus feature "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown", which looks more like a series of largely unrelated continuity-independent vignettes from the 1980's Saturday morning "Charlie Brown and Snoopy", slapped together to form the illusion of a featurette, than a coherent story deserving of co-starring with the original.Nonetheless, having the original on DVD alone is worth the investment. Definitely a must-have.
920 positivo  Wonderful Wonderful Movie. They entire family enjoyed this movie.From comments from the family, this DVD goes in thefamily album and will become a family tradition.Many thanks to all who made this memory possible.
921 positivo  Christmas DVD collection. This completed my daughter's collection of Christmas DVD's. Makes a great stocking stuffer - she was thrilled with this one.
922 positivo  A great buy for a Christmas classic If I had to single out one Christmas movie favorite, I'd have to pick A Charlie Brown Christmas. So, my review is a little biased.I just think it's a cute, straightforward, and humorous take on the Christmas season. It brings all our favorite Peanuts characters out at their best, and it makes light of the stress and struggle that we all seem to feel a little of a Christmas - then, brings it home with the most honest recognition of what Christmas is all about. How about that for a 26 minute run-time animated movie?!This is a great edition of the movie as well - excellent picture quality, excellent sound quality (VINCE GUARALDI IS AWESOME!!!) - there is a bonus feature movie on the DVD as well but I didn't even get to it, nor did I get to any of the other special features, but I'm pretty sure there are quite a few on this DVD.Also, I bought direct from Amazon, and I have to give yet another shout-out to the prices and especially the shipping. If you are an Amazon Prime member: they offered me free overnight shipping OR free two day shipping + and Amazon Instant Movie credit instead. I took the 2-day shipping plus credit and I STILL got my movies the next day! I hope they keep offering that.
923 positivo  Who doesn't love this Christmas movie? Sweet and a little silly this short animated children's movie is, but it gets the Christmas message across to both children and adults alike. I still love it after all these years. Five stars!
924 positivo  perfect gift my sister loved this movie and she wanted to see it for the holidays. no one can have too much charlie brown!
925 positivo  charlie brown christmas on DVD great brings back childhood memories and ensures that future grandchildren will be able to enjoy. The moral and outlook for the future make this classic one of my favorites.
926 positivo  Good quality! This was the same movie I watched as a kid, but remastered for better quality. Really enjoyed watching it with my kids over the holidays.
927 positivo  DVD How can anyone not like Charlie Brown! It's a classic! Love this movie. I'm supposed to write 7 more words to post this (it's the rule), so I wrote this. :)
928 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas A gift for the great grandkids. we watch it every year. I wanted them to have their own video They watch it over and over - even if it is not Christmas.
929 positivo  A true classic A Chritmas tradition in our house...needed to finally "upgrade" from vhs to dvd. Love the extra features and additional movie
930 positivo  another fun peanuts romp if you love c.b.,snoopy and the gang this is just more of the fun. Good for the entire family to watch together. works for any time of the year too. not just Christmas season.
931 negativo  A Charlie Brown Christmas Is Very Good! Like other reviewers I also grew up watching A Charlie Brown Christmas when CBS showed it every December and I liked every minute of it including the heartwarming speech by Linus about the true meaning of Christmas and I think this is a great Christmas cartoon but I was disappointed with the extra feature cartoon It's Christmas Time Again Charlie Brown because It was very uneven and choppy!
932 positivo  Annual must see for Peanuts fans. Yes, it's campy. Yes, it has sub-standard animation. But, you can't beat the feeling you get when watching it. This special takes me back to my younger years every time I see it. I have never seen an aluminum Christmas tree, but I always marvel at the sight of a lot with dozens of them.
933 positivo  The special that could not be made in this day and age. In addition to being a true classic, "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is a cultural landmark -- an indicator of where our nation has been, and where it is going. In 1965, it was acceptable to put on network TV a program with an explicit Christian message (Linus reads from the Gospel of Luke! The kids sing "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing"! The names "God" and "Christ" actually spoken!). Today, the script would not pass muster at the networks. We might offend someone, you know. I can't think of a better indicator than this great program to measure the decline of our society. I guess when the moral busybodies finally succeed in removing "A Charlie Brown Christmas" from the annual rotation (and they will eventually attempt to do so, in the name of "multiculturalism" or "tolerance"), we can close the book on our once-great country.
934 positivo  Charlie Brown Christmas Great. Gives you a pause to remember the real meaning of Christmas. Nostalgic and well loved. Without the glitz and flash of so much that modern Christmas has become. Simple and straight forward, young to old can enjoy it.
935 positivo  very quick The movie arrived within 3 days of ordering it! It was right before Christmas too. The movies worked great and were hard to find in any stores.A good buy!
936 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas What can I say that hasn't been said already? This is a classic....My 4 yr old granddaughter saw it for the first time and fell in love with Snoopy.
937 positivo  Can't wait I love this movie and can't wait to see it. It is a gift for my boyfriend because we are obsessed with The Peanuts gang.
938 positivo  The best This is a classic in every sense of the word. And like any real classic, it gets better with age. "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is a sweet, simple show with a powerful message. Every aspect of this production is great.But the fact of the matter is that this is the kind of cartoon that doesn't get made anymore. Now it's all about the trash-talkin' Simpsons and their moronic kind. Also, because God plays a part in the message of this Christmas special, it could not be made today. It might offend believers in Allah, or hurt the sensitive feelings of atheists. Therefore, such a production could never get off the ground.It's just as well. There is really nothing that could suprass this masterpiece. Buy it and make it a part of your Christmas traditions through the years.
939 positivo  An absolute holiday classic! I still watch it in my forties! Only I watch it with my daughter now.Great Charles Schulz cartoon classicbrought to film. And biblically ac-curate too! Nice job, Mr. Schulz!
940 negativo  D'oh Every year I think we get going too quickly and make an impulse buy that's foolish. This was our purchase this year. Thankfully we got a 50% credit for making the purchase (not sure what promotion it was since I didn't see it) and we got $1 toward Amazon MP3s. So our foolishness was credited, but before you buy this always remember that it airs on tv every year (in our case 3 days after we purchased it). If we had checked our TV guide we would have seen it and been able to record it for free. Buyer beware.Don't buy it.
941 positivo  What about the other holidays, Charlie Brown? I liked this movie alot except for Linus' very storng Christian messages. They should have also have put other holidays in like Haunnka and Kwanza because not every one celebrates Christmas.
942 negativo  Amazon says 50 minutes while in fact it is only 25, as specified on the DVD. I am OK with the price I paid for 50 minutes. NOT for 25. If Amazon gave the right specs I would not have bought it. Now I cannot even return it, cause returning anything from Croatia is too expensive. So I am stuck with most expensive per-minute DVD in my collection. And the fact that I overpaid it is gonna be buggin me, and I'm gonna feel cheated for a long long time. Bad business, Amazon. Bad business. PS someone wrote 20 min in their review, 5 weeks after I ordered. Bummer.
943 negativo  W O R S T MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! THE worst adiuo and bad story line. What'a waste of my hard worth cash!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
944 positivo  It always take me back. This is a movie that will always take me back when I was a kid sitting in my front living room with my dad in his lounge chair and my mom sewing on the couch, and of course me watching Charlie Brown and filling soooo sorry for him because he tried to decorate a little dying christmas tree. A truely great movie for all ages.
945 positivo  Beautiful edition of a classical Christmas special "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is beautifully presented in DVD format here. This is the classic 1965 Christmas special that we all remember, and I enjoyed watching this remastered edition. My copy had none of the audio issues reported by others, and it looked good visually as well. I found the bonus feature, detailing the making of the special, to be interesting and engaging; it was fun to see behind-the-scenes of how this classic came to be. The only part of this Deluxe Edition that I did NOT finding particularly worthwhile was the included sequel, "It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown" (1992). This feature lacked all of the charm of the original. However, because it was a bonus, it doesn't detract from my overall impression of this DVD, which I would definitely recommend if you are wanting to collect this Christmas classic.
946 positivo  A most excellent Christmas cartoon that is timeless What a great Christmas cartoon program this is. Originally aired in 1965 this is Charles Schultz's genius at best. Everyone knows the story of Charlie Brown and the meaning of Christmas. A timeless tale that still rings true today. The music of the late great Jazz musician Vince Guiraldi "Christmas Time Is Here" is outstanding and remains as a timeless Christmas tune. Charlie, Snoopy, Linus, Lucy, and Sally are still awesome today as they were in 1965. Christmas's of years past go by too quickly, but this timeless classic does not. I look forward to watching it every Christmas Season, and will for years to come. Most HIGHLY Recommended!
947 positivo  What more can be said A Charlie Brown Christmas is so much a part of the holiday season. I can't even imagine a year would go by with out seeing this classic. It is a lesson on the true meaning of Christmas, while showing how that meaning is lost, due to the comercialism that is now associated with the holiday. I have seen this so many times I can recite it word for word. I have a 1 year old daughter and want to make sure that this becomes a tradition for her as well. Make it a tradition for your family as well.
948 negativo  Digital Copy Not Compatible w/Macs???? I really wanted to give this product a one-star review, but the episode is such a classic that I can't bring myself to. "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is, hands down, the most wonderful Christmas special ever. Period. That fact makes this tepid attempt at a Blu-ray release all the more upsetting! The one thing above all that really cheesed me off was that the touted "digital copy" IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MACS!!!! How ridiculous is that? The most ubiquitous device upon which you can load digital copies is the iPod; the iPod is a Macintosh product. It stands to reason that digital copies would be compatible with Macs (as indeed every other digital copy I've ever experienced has been). But NO, not with this one. Preposterous. The next thing that was upsetting was that the price you pay for this is far, far too high for the limited content. By way of comparison, for one dollar more, we purchased the Star Trek movie (the new one) Blu-ray edition; it is a 3-disc special edition with over three hours of special features, plus a digital copy (that works on PC AND Macs!!!!). With this, you get two discs; the episode in Blu-ray and a standard DVD of the episode; an additional crappy Peanuts Christmas special (truly awful), a 10 minute making-of featurette; and of course the useless digital copy. THAT'S IT. For $19. RIP-OFF!!! I have to believe that at some point, either the price will come way down or WB will release a proper Blu-ray execution of this Christmas classic. My recommendation: save your money and wait for them to do it right!
949 negativo  Not worth an upgrade If you already have this on DVD, don't waste your money upgrading to blu. The picture quality is only slightly better, it's not widescreen and the biggest disappointment is that the sound is the same as on the DVD. I gave it 2 stars only because it's Charlie Brown (the show itself is worth more than 5 stars!), it's a shame they didn't take the time or spend a few dollars to make the disc worthy of the title.
950 positivo  For the 30 people in the US who haven't watched this CLASSIC! Can't really say anything that hasn't already been said - this is a must-watch every year. I'm frankly amazed that the networks (as I recall this initially aired on CBS - Channel 5 for us - now on ABC). I'm watching it right now in fact - the only thing spoiling it ever so slightly are the "new" commercials (compared to when I was a kid). I would love to have seen an "alternate" version of Charlie Brown Christmas which includes the original commercials that were nationally aired - I remember the old sponsor, Dolly Madison (are they still making Zingers?) Maybe they can do that on the next release of this little gem :) just a thought.I've watched this show as long as I can remember - almost 40 years now...Along with "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" a must-watch during the holidays.
951 positivo  Christmas without Chuck???? A Charlie Brown Christmas is just a classic. A word that is bandied around a lot by so many of our amateur reviewers, but in this case, used with truth. The story about the commercialization of Christmas struck me as truth when I saw it the first time it played on TV, and the story and meaning still ring true. Plus Linus' rendition of the original story of Christmas is still touching. I am glad to have this in my library and at my fingertips for all Holiday Seasons to come.
952 positivo  A Christmas Classic! This is such a wonderful movie and will always be a top favorite. It's great to have it on my Kindle to take with me anywhere now!
953 positivo  A MUST HAVE! This is THE BEST Christmas DVD ever! Even though my family watches it every year it is on TV, I just had to buy this DVD so that we all can watch it over and over again! BUY IT!
954 positivo  Holiday classic The quality of the remastered edition is very good. There are additional holiday cartoons that I did not enjoy, but that children should enjoy. This is one of my favorite Christmas movies, a must see.
955 positivo  Very happy with this Christmas Classic I bought this for my son for Christmas and was surprised to find out it had another Peanuts Christmas special on the DVD. I was very happy with the product and the remastering.
956 positivo  A Christmas classic A delightful Christmas classic, beautifully restored. The bonus "making of" video is also well worth watching.
957 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas A must see classic for all ages. Watching Charlie Brown has become a family tradition for our family. The new remastered deluxe edition is very clear and includes a second short Charlie Brown Christmas story that is O.K. but not as good as the original.
958 positivo  A Charlie Brown Christmas This movie is awesome! It comes with bonus footage, and it arrived so fast! It was my first time using amazon and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a product they are having a hard time finding in stores.
959 positivo  It's Not Christmas Without It I've been watching this wonderful short program since it first appeared on television, which I think was 1965? I was very happy when it was released on VHS, and being that it is on DVD now, that's even better.Living in Southern California, often we're having a heat wave during the Christmas season. It's nice to watch this show and be carried away not only to a place that has more Christmas-like weather, but also to nice memories of Christmas past. It's a given that my Christmas tradition includes a viewing of this special program.I also like the fact that they weren't afraid to mention the word "Christmas" as well as have Linus recite the verses pertaining to the birth of Jesus. It seems everyone is so worried these days about using the word "Christmas" or making something seem too religious. Well, as Linus says in the cartoon, "That's what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown." Christmas wouldn't be the same without watching this!(note: for some reason Amazon put this as a review of the VHS version. I thought I posted it as a DVD review.. anyway, I have both and they are both excellent.. the quality wasn't all that wonderful when it first premiered so that's how I remember it and that's how it comes out on the DVD and VHS tape - not the pristine quality of today's productions, but it's the cartoon itself that is great).
960 positivo  Loved it! My 5-year-old son loves this video! He says 'the whole thing is my favorite part'!
961 positivo  I love Peanuts Peanuts has always been one of my favorite cartoons. I enjoy reading the 'reprints' in the newspaper even now. Charlie Browns Christmas is definately a must have in this household. I've enjoyed it repeatedly over the years. What's Christmas without a reminder of what Christmas is all about.
962 positivo  One of the best! This sure sets the mood for the rest of the holidays. What I really enjoy about this is the tunes. I bought the music CD of this show & listen to it all the time at Christmas. It's upbeat & humble at the same time. Thanks Mr. Schultz. Peace to all.
963 positivo  great It was fast timing, great service, all went super, I would surely reorder from this vender, happy with overall order
964 positivo  timeless classic This is a great movie! I really cannot praise this enough. The picture quality and sound quality in the blu-ray really are quite good.
965 positivo  my favorite peanuts special this is, hands down, my favorite peanuts special. It invokes a quiet tone and humble demeanor that captures the true spirit of christmas so perfectly.
966 positivo  awesome An age old classic. I hadn't seen this movie in years and it was a little shorter than I remember but still a great movie.
967 positivo  Best x-mas movies of all time: Top 10 A must have for your collection, It has both the original and the second version of it. Highly recommend, nothing better than getting warm around the holidays and watching this one.
968 positivo  Some great memories of childhood! This is Charlie Brown at his best! It's a great favorite for a lot of people, including our family. When Charles Schultz created this television special, his group weren't certain how it would be accepted - and it was a huge hit! It transcends time and makes it an annual holiday favorite!
969 positivo  Love it My favorite of all time. Of course it is an original so the quality may not be up to today's standards.
970 positivo  Love this Classic! Love this Christmas special and always will. It's not Christmas without Charlie Brown and Snoopy! Bought as a Christmas present for someone & it will be cherished forever!
971 positivo  Another Christmas It came before Christmas and was such a joy to what again, brought back great childhood memories..Had great service..Would recomend to everyone
972 positivo  TWO WORDS, CHARLIE BROWN!!!! LOVED WATCHING THIS EVERY TIME!!! WATCHED THIS EVERY CHRISTMAS WHEN I WAS LITTLE AND EVEN NOW I ENJOY IT!! MY LITTLE 9 YEAR LOVES WATCHING THIS, TOO!!!
973 positivo  Great performance!!! Highly recommanded! I always liked to see Queenryche perform. OM-II live is a cool continuation to OM-I.OM-I was always great to watch but it's nice to see a fresh performance of it. I also have the older versions...It also comes with a few songs as a bonus.I wish it had subtitles option as well...Highly recommanded!
974 positivo  Awesome! I was ragging on this after I downloaded a copy from the net and watched it on my PC so I burned it and watched it on my LCD W/surround and loved it! In particular the OM2 set which is fresher compared to OM1. Approching 45-50 years old these guys put on a clinic for all you young bands out there to learn from.
975 positivo  Great Concert DVD This DVD more than fufilled my expectations. Great performances of some of the best tunes I know.Yes Geoff Tate was a little bit of a ham - but it worked and worked well. I don't understand what people expect. Enjoy the band, enjoy the songs, enjoy the spectacle - and relax already!
976 positivo  Mindcrime at the Moore Absolutely amazing. that's the only way to describe this DVD A must have for any Queensryche fans.
977 positivo  Great addition to a fan's collection One thing that I have learned over the years is that it is very difficult to capture the same energy, audio and visual effects of a live show on a taped performance. Although I wasn't there, I have a feeling that the flat vocals were largely due to that fact. I have been to several live shows that were mind blowing only to see the same performance on DVD and find that the singers sounded like they were in their bathroom singing. I'm a diehard fan of Queensryche and Dio so they can do no wrong. I'm sure that the experience of the show was epic but the DVD left me wishing I was there.
978 positivo  Rock Opera at Its Best! I received my Mindcrime DVD yesterday and watched it last night - what a treat! I'll watch it over and over. Unlike one of the other reviewers, I found the political messages pertinent - I think it shows that the original story is in fact timeless. War, money, corruption, exploitation, longing, remorse - it all makes for great drama! Also, in traditional opera or theatre, the musicians are in the pit and invisible to the audience. In Mindcrime, the musicians are front and center on stage - powerful! I would recommend this DVD especially to today's teens; current bands don't do concept albums or theatrical performances any more - what a shame.
979 neutral  Not what I expected Well I thought this would be a good addition to our concert dvd collection to listen to in our in home bar. While I love Queensryche, I have never seen them in concert and therefore was not aware their stage show is more like going to a play. I have gone to a lot of concerts and have not seen acting on stage. I guess some of you die hards like my husband expected it but it was distracting to me. It was hard to enjoy the beautiful, creative songs while watching such bad acting. And might I add that I felt as though ALL of the songs were lipsynched because the vocals were just too exact and sounded exactly the recorded versions. Bottom line, I would've rather played their cd's on my ipod than watch the heavy metal soap opera.
980 neutral  Mixed feelings toward this one Like many other reviewers, I was introduced to Queensrche back in '83, and have seen them five times now (including this past tour). I picked up this DVD because this show was not disappointing. However, the sound just isn't the same without Chris DeGarmo. Mike Stone's performance is not bad, but there are times where his particular style tends to clash with everyone else. Another reviewer likened Geoff Tate's acting skills to that of William Shatner, I couldn't agree more, on the other hand, William Shatner can't sing like Geoff Tate.I think for me to fully enjoy the live performances of Mindcrime I and II, I've been toying around with the idea of just watching Livecrime followed by Mindcrime at the Moore (Part II). I was blown away when I saw the original Livecrime during the Empire tour, and it still ranks as one of the highest on my list of shows I've seen (Pink Floyd, SRV, Metallica, and Judas Priest are included in that list).Another disappointing part of the tour was the absence of Ronnie James Dio. Although I know it was a bit much for him to go on a lengthy tour for a measly 3-minute segment, it would have been cool to see him perform "The Chase" live instead of the pre-recorded version. It would have been even better if they were on tour together since I've only seen Dio on video (Sacred Heart Tour).Overall, for the die-hard Queensrche fan, this is one to add to the collection. In my opinion, the original Operation Mindcrime will definitely withstand the test of time, Mindcrime II, on the other hand, like any other sequel, loses something that can only be found in the original. Mindrime II is a fair album, and seeing it performed live helps, but it's not one of Queensrche's best efforts.
981 neutral  A flat "dinner theater" performance... Sorry!! I'm a huge Queensryche fan, and ordered my copy of "Mindcrime at the Moore" before it was even available. Though packaged nicely, I was disappointed by the performance. As a review, I'd say that it is a flat "dinner theater" performance of one of the best hard rock / heavy metal records ever released...plus the second disc whose only crime is delivering a "more of the same" performance to us consumers. The passion is just not there. I'd recommend finding a DVD of the original "Operation: Livecrime"...There are still a few floating around out there...It is freakin' awesome!!
982 positivo  A Fantastic Live DVD Production !! For those of you who do not have the DVD, GET IT, particularly if you saw the live show in person during the OMC I and II tour. It is a fantastic, PROFESSIONALLY captured and edited spectacular, not to mention a high-quality audio track to match!Seriously, I have watched several "live" DVD concerts, but this production beautifully blends the live performance, terrific camera angles and imagery, and post-production editing into what can truly be called a visual and audio masterpiece. It is meticulous and detailed, capturing the exciting pulse of a live performance without compromising the cinematic story-telling that this saga requires.And let's face it, you absolutely cannot enjoy this DVD (despite all I have mentioned so far) unless Geoff Tate and the band delivered musically. Guess what? THAT'S THE BEST PART!! Tate sounds terrific! For the first half, he delivers a powerful, spot-on performance that is every bit as good as Operation LiveCrime! What chops he still has! Cripes!And the band is rock solid --- tight technically and impressive melodically. Wilton and Stone are superb, and the underpinnings of bass and drums are phenomenal, to boot.I saw the show in Baltimore and loved it. The DVD is even better! It is a worthy chronicle of a band and a story that just won't quit. I hated waiting so long for this thing, but now I am fulfilled.Go out and get it. If you rate it less than a five, you're wound way too tight, dude.
983 positivo  Thoroughly enjoyable! What a hoot! I've been a fan of these guys from the beginning, through thick and thin, and this set captures a truly remarkable performance. My only complain is that the audio quality seems to take a dump in the end of disc two. Geoff and Pamela sound way overmodulated, and the weird blurry effect that distorts the image of the two is distracting.The best parts? "Suite Sister Mary" from OMCI and "Fear City Slide" from OMCII.Awesome stuff!
984 positivo  Sensational ! I loved the original mindcrime , I loved the livecrime release , damm it I loved Rage for Order Empire , Promised Land but somewhere around the HITNF and Tribe I fell away from the 'ryche . Sure I still watched Livecrime and loved it from time to time , but the new stuff didnt do it for me. I watched with interest and a little disdain at the repeated reissues of various incarnations and packages of the Mindcrime set . Finally news came of Mindcrime 2 and I purchased it on the day of release. I was disapointed with it , terribly disapointed , I just couldnt access it like the Mindcrime 1 , I listened to it maybe 3 or 4 times no more . When the DVD wa sissued I wasnt so fast in buying it but for some reason a month or so after its release I went out and got it. What can I say I sat there with the home theatre sytem blasting it out and loved it , from the opening bars to the closing encores this is one hell of a concert , the band sound great , Geoff tates voice may not eb quite as strong as it was 20 years ago , but whose is ? He still has one of the most classical and distinctive vocals of any singer . This is a truly great performance , well filmed and produced and for any Queensryche fan it is a must have , any lover of hard rock will also love it . I cant get enough of this DVD and watch it repeatedly , finally I now get Mindcrime 2 !
985 neutral  This is a DVD not to be missed Before I start my review and analizes I want to make one thing clear is that I am not a huge Queensryche fan. I have always liked the story of Operation Mindcrime 1 & 2 and was thrilled that they performed both parts live in concert. I do respect the talents of all of the band members especially the Vocals of Geoff Tate.I attended a show on this tour and was totally blown away. In fact it was one of the greatest shows I have ever saw in my life. I was thinking all throught the show I hope that they film this for either a DVD release and/or an audio release. Now on to my review.This DVD captures the raw energy of the performance and the audience. Geoff Tate never sounded better. Sure he can no longer hit the high notes which in is case is good because in the early days all he did was wail instead of sing. Pamela Moore was excellent as well. The camera angles are both good and annoying. I felt that the camera moved to much in some places and din't move enough in others.The sound quality was mixed as well. In some areas Geoff Tate sounded great but in other parts of the DVD he sounded like he was eating the microphone. Pamela Moores vocals weren't turned up loud enough which was annoying too.The acting wasn't that good but they still pulled it of anyway. I have to remember that these arn't professional actors there rock stars. The drummer, guitar plaer and bass player were really good in there performances as well.The bonus features are amazing as well. I like how the band filmed their rehearsals for the upcoming tour. I also like how they filmed Ronnie James Dio only appearance with the band which was recorded live from Los Angeles.The bottom line is if you like the story of both operation mindcrime 1 & 2 you'll love this DVD.This DVD is also a great addition to anybody who likes concept albums as well. I will compare this to the genious of Pete Townshend's Tommy!
986 positivo  must have for your music/dvd library simply put - you HAVE TO own this DVD if you even marginally call yourself a Queensryche fan.The music is tight and they sound as good as they did 20+ years ago (well, you can tell Geoff has aged a little, but not that much)32 songs for $22! I ripped the audio from my DVD's and put it on my ipod, it is that good of a production. My only complaint is that the bass player looks bored and doesn't really get into the music.Pamela Moore is awesome in her role of Sister Mary. Even Ronnie James Dio makes an appearance!
987 neutral  Excellent Video. Stupid anti-Bush signs. This is an excellent compilation Video DVD of Operation Mindcrime I and II. The picture clarity and sound is outstanding. It felt like I was at a play. I would rate the entire DVD excellent, but I can't. Their anti-Bush/anti-Iraq gestures prevent me from doing so, but it's great entertainment. When will these groups learn that no one cares about their political opinions. If you love Queensryche's music, then this is a must-have DVD for your collection. As for the anti-Bush signs and gestures, just remember that these bands are misguided, and don't know what the heck their talking about when it comes policy. I'm pro-Bush all the way, and nothing I've seen on this DVD will ever change that! He and I believe in the same thing - lets skin these terrorist cowards alive. Kill em' all I say.
988 positivo  seen this concert i seen this concert in l.a. it was great i love operation mindcrime....omc 2 im not a huge fan of but it was great in concert. dio showed up for a song and he is on this dvd also he sounded as good as ever. the acting on stage was just so so for me...it helps tell a story that i already know well. i forgot the name of the singer who is mary but she is back for both om1 and 2 and she still sings gr8. i'll be buying this dvd when it comes out for sure.
989 negativo  Queensryche & Seattle Suck This performance is pure garbage. Unfortunately I was at this pathetic show. The audience was mostly old geezers who were there to watch a group of other geriatric has-beens. The sound was awful, their performance of West Side Story was ridiculous, and their hatred for America was sad. Halfway through the show, the singer was having serious trouble hauling his fat *ss around the stage. He sounded like an exhausted pig, gorging himself at the trough. It was bad enough that they would embarrass themselves by performing in front of people, but they actually recorded their disaster. Now they think they can sell this crap??
990 neutral  Part One...Excellent! Part two...not so much. Being on a tight budget as I am I knew I should have waited to buy this, but I couldn't resist. I have long been a mindcrime fanatic, I have listened to part one probably more times than should be allowed by law, and part two, while not quite as good is a thoroughly good front to back album.I will say the first act was an energizing preformance, it had an engaging mix of music, acting and visual arts that had me singing with every song. The Seattle Seahawks drum corps was an excellent addition and Mary's suicide made my heart skip a beat.It was hard not to watch the second act after watching the first, but unfortunantly after One Foot in Hell the energy really begins to leave the stage. The cover of the DVD stated that "the Chase" was preformed with Ronnie James Dio, but unfortunatly for that song neither Dio nore Geoff Tate are present on stage. After "the Chase", the remaining part of the preformance begins to bog down and I found myself waiting for Nikki to committ suicide so I could hear "Jet City Woman" from the encore.Overall I would give this four stars. Five for the outstanding preformance from Disk one. Disk Two gets three, losing one for promising and failing to deliver Dio in person and and another for a gradually declining preformace towards the end of disk two.
991 positivo  It was pretty good. Queensryche still sounds great. Geoff Tate especially still sounds terrific. He hasn't lost a thing over the years. As for the production, it was just OK in my opinion. The stage at my high school was bigger than the one they performed on, and the little skits they performed reminded me of a high school play. I also miss Chris DeGarmo on guitar. The guy they had was good, but anyone who has seen "Operation: Livecrime" knows that no one plays that part better than Degarmo. Still. I gave it 4 stars. A very good concert.
992 negativo  Disappointed...Tate has no class...he needs to leave the acting to someone else. First of all, I'll give my 'positives' regarding this DVD. Mike Stone is a great guitar player...way better than Kelly Grey. Stone does a very good job on the lead work that Grey simply could not do on 'Live Evolution'. Also, using Pamela Moore to do background vocals is a plus as well.However, the production (sound, lighting, camera work) is not nearly as good as 'Evolution'. Understanding that Tate and company are telling a story here, there is too much theatrics which takes away from the music, and Tate himself does not do very well vocally.As a long time fan, I always considered Queensryche to be a band with a lot of professional class...they stood out from the rest. I suppose when Degarmo left, all of that went with him. I was quite frankly shocked by the profanity, and specifically, the pervasive use of the 'F' word and the middle finger salute throughout the production. I will never understand artists and actors who feel like using such language enhances the story. I suppose that it shows their true character as individuals.Tate has always been somewhat arrogant, and it is also obviously clear where he stands on his political views. This story could have been told without him sharing his with the rest of us. The poster disgracing Bush at the beginning of the show was tacky, tasteless, disrespectful, and just plain filthy. As I stated, this behavior stunned me, and to say the least, disappointed me. Tate has no integrity and definitely lacks character.Had I known all of this beforehand, I would not have purchased it. I know my review means nothing, and will more than likely not have any affect. I just felt like I had to give my honest opinion. To the true Ryche fan who soaks up their music, this is a disappointment.
993 neutral  Stick to singing Geoff Well, lets start with general impressions. Overall this is a good DVD. The sound is great and the video is great. The band pulls off both Mindcrime discs very well live. It's true that Geoff Tates voice has had better days, but he sounds a lot better on this than he did on Live Evolution. However, his acting leaves much to be desired. I don't know why he decided to sport the Madonna microphone and act out parts of the show. He kind of reminded me of Meat Loaf in The Rocky Horror Picture Show. But like I said, overall this is a great disc for Queensryche fans. I highly recommend it.
994 positivo  The Operation Mindcrime saga is finally complete! Of all of the concert DVDs that I own, or have seen, Mindcrime At The Moore is definitely my most favorite! I've been a Queensryche fan ever since the early '90s, after the release of "Empire", & I've seen them twice in concert, even though they were the opening act. I love Mindcrime At The Moore for tons of reasons: all 34 songs in the concert, live actors play the parts of the characters, there's different set & costume changes, lots of props, Pamela Moore, who plays Sister Mary, is in OMC1 longer than on Operation LIVECrime & she's also in OMC2, there's a video screen in the back of the stage, showing scenes that highlight the storyline and the band, themselves, are front & center, on stage & play magnificently! Also, even though Chris DeGarmo's not with them, anymore, the guitarist that replaced him, Mike Stone, does a fantastic job on guitar! Plus, we answer these questions: "What happened to Mary?" & "Whatever happened to Nicky?" I also like the bonus features, especially the tour documentary. This is a terrific concert DVD set & I recommend it to all Queensryche fans or fans of heavy metal, in general, because, believe me, it is fabulous and everyone involved in it hit a grand slam!
995 positivo  Astonishing Performance Woow,, Nice guitar play, nice quality, nice theater and the best of all is Geoff Tate, his voice.. woow he sang like the old days, like the studio version of Operation Mindcrime I!! and his acting along with Pamela Moore,, they are terrific.. he is indeed an artist..For those who've left queensryche for the past years come back,,
996 positivo  Amazing performance !!!!!!!! This DVD is an amazing performance of both Mindcrime albums performed in their entirety.A must have for any Prog/Metal fans !!!!!!!!
997 neutral  Not too shabby I saw Queensryche on the Empire tour and have been a big fan ever since the EP from 1983. I think this is a pretty good performance of both Mindcrimes. Geoff Tate's voice sounds great (I don't know if it was the way it was shot, but it looked like he was lip syncing alot)and Mike Stone does an admirable job of playing Chris Degarmos's leads from the first Mindcrime. I was disappointed that Dio was not there live, even though it was just the one track. But Pamela Moore (is she so hot they named the theater after her?)has a huge part and does a great job as Sister Mary. I did throw on the Livecrime video and did find the energy level on that to be a bit better, but all in all "Mindcrime at the Moore" is a fine live performance.
998 positivo  Great saga complete together, the best way to experience it. This is the next best thing to seeing them live, and seeing the queenryche sagas of Mindrime played back to back. Unfortunately, they didn't get them squeezed on one DVD, so you have to stop and change discs unlike a live continuous show, but thats ok. Well worth the money. Its Livecrime to the max, now with essentially Livecrime 2 expanded on the masterpiece. Must own for a Ryche fan, and definitely should be purchased first before the CD if on limited funds.
999 positivo  BUY IT NOW!! I was lucky enough to attend the shows Mindcrime At The Moore were recorded at, even the one where Ronnie James Dio made his only live performance. This tour (10 shows attended) totally blew me away and I couldn't be happier that Queensryche decided to film it all live for this DVD. They've come full circle with Operation: Mindcrime and it was a much welcomed release to all who are fans of the story.I'm no music, mixing, guitar expert by any means, I just know what sounds good to me. The band is tight, the sound is amazing and the on stage acting was passionate and riveting. Geoff Tate's vocals are very strong and as one of the best vocalists of all time IMO, he still has that "it" factor. Pamela Moore does a wonderful job as Sister Mary. To the delight of the fans (especially the guys, she's HOT!) they utilize her talent quite a bit and I couldn't be happier about that. An amazing beauty which is only surpassed by that strong, rich voice of hers. Michael Wilton (guitar), Mike Stone (guitar), Eddie Jackson (bass) and Scott Rockenfield (drums) do what they do best and each is a master at his craft. The Seattle Seahawks Blue Thunder Drumline marches out and performs "Anarchy-X" with the band, which gets you whipped into a frenzy right from the start. All the way this DVD is filled with hard rockin' heart pumping music by the most talented of musicians, drama, tragedy, love, pain, rock, revenge, redemption, surprises and Moore!The bonus features are cool with a tour documentary that gives a glimpse into the preperations for this amazing tour.I wholeheartedly recommend the Mindcrime At The Moore DVD and CD to everyone. An absolute MUST HAVE for Rychers and a great release to convert someone to the Ryche side!BUY IT NOW and enjoy it TODAY!
1000 positivo  Great to have one of these shows recorded for the record if nothing else... While I have always loved to hear Geoff's voice and the music they put out in the studio to a point has been unique to say the least; I have to agree with another review that I had read mentioning the editing.. it could have been longer on each scene. I liked the venue they chose and the arrangment was good as well as the music performed. I still have to sit and watch beginning to end but I like Queensryche anyway for their talent so I can get past the minor negatives. Nice to have a copy though.
1001 positivo  Great Ryche before the break up. Classic old school Queensryche filmed at the histiric Moore Theater in Seattle. Highlight is Revolution Calling and Eyes of a Stranger. The concert has great theatrical presentations.
1002 positivo  Awesome This shows a differnet side of Queensryche. They are so good on so many levels. This concert gives you a front row seat at the Moore. Awesome stage show music and it's very entertaining. A great buy. A must for the Queensryche Fan!
1003 positivo  Great way to present the Mindcrime story I really like this DVD. I got it for Christmas ('08) and have watched it twice. The playing is great. Tate's voice is pretty good for the most part. True, he is a bit over the top and corny at times. But it still works. As for the political commentary, get over it people, that's part of the story (listen to the songs themselves). And yes, muscicians, just like the rest of us have a right to their opinions. You have the right not to listen. I happen to agree with the views presented on stage. But if I didn't I would either choose not to watch or just ignore it. For instance, you won't ever catch me at a Toby Keith concert! LOL. Well, besides his political views, his songs pretty much suck:) Anyway, if you are a fan of Mindcrime, get this.
1004 neutral  Buyer Beware! Well, there's good news and bad news. Let's take care of the bad news first.The Beachbody company itself is very difficult to deal with and you must make certain you are very careful in your dealings with them. Their "full 30-day, money-back guarantee" is a little misleading. Long story short, it took me almost two months to receive a full refund from them on "additional tapes" they shipped to me before my 30 day preview was up. They were willing to refund the cost of the product, but were refusing to refund the original shipping charges and to pay for the return shipping. They even admitted to the Better Business Bureau they only gave me 26 days to preview the program, but felt that was "adequate." I had to write personally to their CEO and state my intentions to bring false advertising charges against them to the Florida state Attorney General for them to finally refund my money in full. There are many complaints against them for their questionable business practices(...).The good news: Power90 is not a bad program, not by any means. I did see some results with it and anyone who devotes the 45 minutes a day (30 minutes for Level 1/2), 6 days a week the program demands will find some success. But you could also say the same about any program you faithfully used for that amount of time. Additionally, the production quality is very poor and it gets very, very boring after a while - the music is completely un-motivating and Tony Horton's jokes do get annoying after constant repetition. But I did like how Tony paid attention to each phase of the workout, even warm-up and cool-down. For example, countless exercise videos put emphasis on "drink plenty of water before, during, and after the workout", but you must remember stop your tape, interrupt your workout, and do it yourself - Tony actually builds it into his program. Also, the warm-up and cool-down stretches are some of the best I've seen.Overall, though, I don't think the program is stellar enough or different enough to warrant the risk it takes to do business with Beachbody. If you want to purchase this program and devote the time it takes to do it, I believe you will see results - but there are plenty of other programs out there that could deliver the same results for you without the headaches of having to deal with Beachbody.
1005 neutral  Repetitive but overall a good workout I agree that this program can get boring if you follow it for 90 days doing the same workouts over and over. I, myself, think I only made it the first 30 or so. However, you will find a solid workout here in both circuit and cardio. Tony Horton is a like-able guy, although he always cues his lefts and rights. The music also gets old pretty quick. I like the 100-ab routine because you go through them so quickly that it doesn't feel like you're doing 100 sit ups. I also really like the meter/timer on the side that shows how much you've done so far and how much further you have to go. I quit the "Power 90 program" long ago, but I still keep this DVD in my regular workout rotation.
1006 neutral  Effective but Repetitive I am on my second round of Power 90 before I head into the P90X or Masters series. I find Power 90 to be a reasonably strenuous workout, comprising circuit/weight training followed by yoga/cardio. Each day can be done in an hour, and by the time you finish, you know you have worked out. People started noticing a difference in my physique within 30-40 days, and the improvements continued throughout the cycle.A few caveats - if you want to make continuous progress, buy a set of bands or dumbbells separate so you can progress your weights upward. The 90 days of essentially 4 workouts (30 days of the 1-2 series and 60 of the 3-4 series) make for a bit of boredom and repetition. You essentially switch back and forth each day between cardio and circuit - and man, after 60 days, you know every Tony Hortonism, joke, cadence and gaffe.A good program if you follow it, and can get past the repetitive nature of it.
1007 positivo  Good Workout!!! This is the second time I have bought Tony's Power 90. I bought this instead of Power 90 X, since is more easy to follow, keep the program, and get similar results. If you are considering trying Power 90 X, or already bought it, but can't keep up with it, this is a better start before continuing with the other program. At this moment Im doing it with my 20 year old son...and as before, Im expecting great results in 90 days. (You see results as soon as 30 days). One suggestion: Take the pictures every 30 days so you really see the results!!!
1008 neutral  Good for beginners, but gets a little boring This is a simple workout that is good for those who've never worked out before (like my husband, who's doing it with me). I really like the strength exercises, but the sweat exercises (cardio) are simple and get really boring after a month. I like that the people on the video don't get a rest--they're doing the whole video just like the rest of us. We alternated sweat/abs 1-2 and sculpt 1-2 for the first 30 days. We're on day 44 and we're alternatiing the 1-2 and 3-4 sets now (gives us a little rest in between the more difficult ones, or if we just wake up too late to do the longer one). I'm ready to move on to something else, though. I don't know if I can do 46 more days of this...
1009 neutral  Good prep for P90X This series is for the beginner or prep for P90X. It is also good for days when there is only time for a 30 - 45 min workout.
1010 positivo  Great to use BEFORE P90X If you are not in really good shape this is a great product to get ready for P90X. It does get kind of boring because you are doing the same workouts every other day, but they do work. It is only about 30 mins but it is amazing how well it works.
1011 positivo  great program, arrived quickly!!! I updated from the VHS version of this program. It is a great home excercise program for those who haven't worked out in some time. It is a fantastic program to do prior to the P90X program, especially if you haven't worked out in some time.
1012 positivo  A great starter program Looking for quick, easy way to get in shape? This is the program for you.
1013 negativo  does not work I purchased this product and the DVD's don't even work. I can't even use them. I get nothing,no picture,nothing.
1014 negativo  not worth it it surprisingly contained very little substance. just 1 half hour workout per disk. got boring fast too. i found better stuff free on the internet.
1015 positivo  Power 90 Bootcamp Very intense workout for begginers. I highly recommend this product for all body types and ages. This is a good product that gets you fit with the right exercise. Gets you sweating and pumped up. It has breaks in it, so you dont feel like you are about to faint. Go at your own pace. This is good to use prior to purchasing P90X. Get's you motivated and the weightloss is great. You must follow a strict meal plan to loose weight. Also good if you are just wanting to get toned and get a six pick.
1016 positivo  It really works great. This is my second copy of this DVD, I love it so much. I'm 48 and love the way Tony makes sure we do a lot of stretching and yogo to loosen up before and after.
1017 positivo  Great work out DVD Great workout. Keeps your body toned. Tony Horton really knows how to make you work out your body. Great for not so physical people.
1018 positivo  Great Edition to Fitness Library I really like this fitness program! I found it easy to learn the steps/moves/exercises and fun to do. Tony Horton is great! He is very knowledgeable, encouraging and likeable. The video production and graphics are fantastic! I recommend it for beginners and intermediates alike.
1019 positivo  Very effective! I've done Power 90 off and on for about 5 years now. It's effective but like anything else if you do it all the time it does get boring. I have an 18 year old brother who plays high school football (he's very fit) he did the sculpt and ab ripper-it kicked his butt! I think this is a great way to work out!
1020 negativo  Soso Where i enjoy the workout and feel it working i am upset that o ordersd from this site. The product said two dvds and and bonus, i only received the workout for week 3-4 and bonus mot work out wks 1-2!! Very upset!!!
1021 positivo  Simply Beautiful! This video was such a joy to watch and so informative! The beauty of the British railway system really shines through in this presentation. Being a British historie buff I really enjoyed this! I recommend this video to any train lovers out there, wherever you are! Happy rails to you! : )
1022 positivo  Really Enjoyed it ! A great find, heard of this movie from a friend, and glad I did. A really well done romantic comedy with a magical twist. The acting is terrific (I regognized the girl from the Sopranos), the scenery/locations were beautiful and the story held up the whole way. A great date movie. You won't be sorry.
1023 positivo  A lovely story I was surprised, and so touched, by this movie. What a delightful find! A friend recommended it, and they weren't wrong at all. The story is lovely, with a lot of heart. The actress who plays Elena is beautiful. And the locations! Wow. I want to visit there, wherever this is. The story gave me hope, and inspiration, and a desire to have my own magic happen by the sea!! Really, a must watch, good to cuddle up with a loved one.
1024 positivo  Really enjoyable independent film... This movie is set in Brooklyn and it is about a single mother (Alma) and her teenaged daughter (Rainbow) who dont see eye to eye. Alma is very strict and protective of Rainbow and she has reason. Rainbow often skips school to dance with her two male buddies (who dont pay much attention to her because of her tom-boy ways) on the street for money. The main conflict of the story arises when Alma's free-spirited and flashy/sassy sister arrives and Rainbow instantly becomes smitten with her and wants to be just like her. However, Rainbow latter becomes dissapointed with her aunt. This movie is a good coming of age story and a good story about a Mother and Daughter finding themselves. Oh yea, the music is also really good.
1025 neutral  GREAT MOTHER VS DAUGHTER MOVIE!! THIS IS A GREAT MOTHER VS DAUGHTER MOVIE THAT'S WELL WORTH WATCHING.CHECK IT OUT!!
1026 positivo  Never thought a romance could be epic Emma season 2 was a surprise. It felt much more grand than its subdued classy first season.In season 2 of Emma, our main character moves away from London to get away from the struggle of her affair with a noble and begins life as a maid in Germany where her first day is met with an accusation of theft. Things lead to an emotional but very happy ending and Emma finds herself a favorite among the maids and the masters of the house. Emma's love, Will, back in London can not get her out of his mind and falls into depression but finds comfort in Miss Campbell, a sweet noble girl. The two begin to fall in love. Things seem to go smoothly until Emma and Will's lives cross paths again and the story takes a dramatic turn.Nozomi's release comes with perfect subtitles and a great set of extras. It's a quality release.I can't recommend Emma enough for anyone who loves a good story.
1027 positivo  Wow! Touching on many levels, the second season of Emma manages to do everything that the first season couldn't plus much more. It's rare that you come across a series that gets off to such a poor start before managing to tell such a beautiful second half but this one certainly fits that mold. If you are ever looking for a moving, touching and sometimes heartbreaking period romance than you needn't look any further; this is romantic gold.
1028 neutral  Worth watching... ...okay first of all it is supposed to be a vampire movie, but the vampires act more like zombies. They bite the hell out of any and all bodyparts, they walk like they're zombies, and act like they are zombies. This movie was not bad, except they over did it with the blood. Too much of it is not always a good thing, and it gets old after a while. I would say this is about a three and a half star movie. It is a good addition to your horror library, but not an integral one. I would say rent it first, then if you feel it justifies a purchase then by all means. I don't regret I got it, but I wish I could tell you it is a must have.
1029 neutral  Guess i missed what was cool I bought this thinking that it was going to be one of those major life-changing experience moments in horror or something. As i said in my title... I guess i missed what was cool. It was ok for a low budget, but even then i guess i just didn't like the story, concept or style of the movie at all. People running down an alley flailing their arms does not invoke terror to me... sorry. So i suppose this movie ranks as a: Either you hate it or Love it kinda thing. Watch a trailer, if you like what you see go for it.
1030 negativo  "HOME MADE", Lowest Budget Film... ********* W A R N I N G ! ************* STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE! ****This movie is pretty bad! Ultra low budget movie with terrible acting and a boring plot, which combined with a huge stuggle to stay and watch should have given this one a NEGATIVE FIVE STAR RATING!!!MONEY DOWN THE TUBES WITH THIS ONE!!!
1031 negativo  Save your money I'm a fan of silent films, especially the long German epics. I'm not a big fan of silent comedies, but I do enjoy them occasionally, especially Chaplin. Although I've seen my share of poor quality films, this set is virtually unwatchable. Besides the poor quality of the print, title cards are missing, long scenes are cut out, half the heads are not visible in many scenes and they have the most annoying musical score I've ever heard. I won't waste any more of my time typing or your time reading. Although $18 for 32 shorts may sound like a good deal, it isn't. Take the $18 and put it toward Chaplin's 3 Essanay Vol's or his 90th anniversary Mutual set. You won't believe the difference. After purchasing those sets, I threw this one away. Now I'm just waiting for someone to restore Chaplin's Keystone shorts with Mabel Normand.
1032 neutral  WRONG DVD's This set is not the Douney autobiography movie. These are actual Chaplin shorts.
1033 neutral  Wrong title and director There are two mistakes about this DVD. The English title for this Italian movie should be either Bread, Love and Dreams (original: Pane, amore e fantasia) or Bread, Love and Jealousy (original: Pane, amore e gelosia). The actors Vittorio de Sica, Gina Lollobrigida and Marisa Merlini played in both movies and the product description could easily be related to any of them. Both movies were directed by Luigi Comencini and not by Vittorio de Sica. Boudu Saved From Drowning is a very famous Jean Renoir movie from 1932. Both Italian movies are very good, but the one star is because of these mistakes.
1034 neutral  Loves horses. This was purchased as a Christmas gift and I believe they enjoyed it. i have not had the opportunity to watch it myself, but hope to in the future.
1035 positivo  If you love horses you will love this DVD The selection of the topics and the horses that are subjects of each discipline are well thought out. It is a very relaxing and enjoyable video to watch. It is educational and you really get to experience the versatility and the heart and soul of the horses through these videos. I would highly recommend the video.
1036 neutral  Everything about horses My children thoroughly enjoyed the complete series. A must for a horse lovers. Covers all aspects of horses from wild to dancing horses.
1037 positivo  Horses Lovers a Must What a great DVD. Even if you think you know horses this is a must watch. I am a horse lover and learned many things. Loved it!
1038 neutral  World of horses Informative but a bit dated. It shows how different horses have different lives. Also, the 2-sided DVD we received was defective and only one side had shows on it. So, we never got to see the other half of the shows. It is being returned.
1039 negativo  I wanted to love it, but... I couldn't. The quality of this DVD is horrible! It was like watching an old old old VHS tape. I'm not surprised it was so cheap but I'm shocked that it was rated 4 and a half stars when I bought it. I was taken for a ride and it wasn't on the back of a horse.
1040 positivo  Wonderful horse video This is a great video about the many ways horses are helpful to people. Very interesting and good for learning about horses.
1041 neutral  This item was purchase as a Christmas Gift for someone else This item was purchase as a Christmas Gift for someone else. So, I do not know the exact status of the item. Thank you.
1042 negativo  Not happy Was not at all what I thought this was! By the cover you would think this was a movie season that was about horses. This is not a movie!!! It is a dvd that talks about horses and rodeos and such. The reason I thought it was a movie and not a 'talking about rodeos and what horses are best for this type of thing' was because it said: "Go behind the scenes to see just what it takes to make a barrel racing horse, a performing horse, a trail riding horse and even a police horse! Interviews with trainers, handlers, riders, and owners provide an up close and personal look at the various roles of this beautiful and majestic animal." So I thought that those would just be behind the scenes things but it is in fact what this dvd is. So if you are looking for a movie story about horses and are being fooled by the cover as I was please know this is NOT a movie.Note: I rated this 1 star because my experience. The dvd was in perfect condition and shipped fast so that is not a reflection on those things, just the fact that I wasn't happy that the cover looks like a movie season and I was dissapointed when it arrived and I found out what it was.
1043 negativo  do not buy this piece of c--p do not buy The Great Indian Wars. the same hollywood movie stock played over and over, sometimes without even turning down the borrowed movie's audio. i couldn't concentrate on the narration, and that was a shame because the narration was very well written. the narrator also had a fine voice and read his stuff superbly. i felt sorry for him, being assocaited with something that went so bad through no fault of his own. someone ruined this "documentary" with the choice and use of the visual footage.i even tried turning off the picture and listening only to the narration but the silly dialogue and old-western music score made trying to listen only to the narrator sheer torture. i only wish i could have given this film a rating it really deserves. MINUS FIVE! the fact that they used 2 tapes when the entire length is only 96 minutes proves to me that the intent of the producers was only to flim-flam the public into thinking they were getting a lot for their money.
1044 negativo  The Great Indian Wars 1840-1890 This is without a doubt the worst video I have ever watched.The videos picture could not tracted without jumping lines and wiggling screen it was painful for me to watch.The movie itself was out of focus.They used old black and white movies" indians meet the cavalry " to illustrate the action and pencil drawings of the indian chiefs while they spoke of them. There was one man speaking with a monotone voice.After five minutes it became very boring to watch.The movie was put together very poorly and hard to watch the pictures had very little contrast, and hard listen to.It was so bad I could'nt retain any of infomation,my mind kept wandering off. If you enjoy being bored,and having your ears and eyes assulted by this low grade quality picture this movie is for you. Reviewed by Paul Phillips
1045 positivo  Excellent Concert DVD There is no doubt that Anthony Callea has one of the best voices of all time. This DVD was recorded after his first album was released. It has a great variety of songs, including his big hits, like "The Prayer," "Per Sempre," "Bridge over Troubled Water," and "Rain." I think my favorite might be "Wanna Be the One," which is infectious and upbeat.Though this wouldn't play on my old DVD player, I had no problem playing it on my computer. Besides the concert, there are five videos, a making of, and a behind the scenes. All in all, it's one of my favorite concert DVDs ever. Now I hope my dream comes true and he duets with Leona Lewis someday.
1046 positivo  Very Entertaining! Makes you think. I got this movie for my two daughters, and they loved it. Now, they ask to watch Bah ya Bah every day! My wife and I appreciate the fact that in addition to being entertaining, this movie teaches vaulable moral lessons. This is definately a movie the whole family can watch together.
1047 positivo  Love this Movie! This is a really well done movie from Greg Laurie about his life and the many trials the LORD brought him through. It's so encouraging and uplifting to see what the LORD can do with just one life!
1048 positivo  Great Story An awesome testimony of what Christ can do for us if we only accept HIM as our LORD.Good purchase...
1049 positivo  Amazing Story I highly recommend this DVD. Greg Laurie is inspirational and has shared all the good and bad with lots of life wisdom. Highly recommend!
1050 positivo  A must have!!!! My husband and I ordered both The Lost Boy and The Lost Boy the next chapter. We love this documentary and have recommended it to all of are friends and family. Our kids (17&20yrs old)watched it with us and they too loved it.
1051 neutral  So many There are so many "lost boys" in this world that need to know that they are not alone and there is hope for them. Pastor Greg, thank you for your ministry and for sharing your story.
1052 negativo  WARNING: This is not an instructional video!! I bought this video from Lullabot as soon as it was released. I've managed several Drupal projects and am now diving in to development myself. I was very disappointed, this video has no instructional content whatsoever. It is a very (very) high level view of what Drupal is. I give it two stars for good production value, only.I am hoping this is the first in a series of videos that will dive deeper into Drupal.
1053 neutral  Beautiful dolphin video If you want to relax to the beautiful scenes of wild dolphins in the clear water of the bahama banks this is a great video for you. The new age music adds to the already georgeous scenery and playfulness of the dolphins! I would highly recommend this video for all dolphin lovers of any age! Very relaxing!
1054 positivo  Great Movie I always enjoy Jerry Lewis films and have added this to my collection. Just a good old movie to have in any collection.
1055 positivo  great movie Loved the movie. It is a great Martin and Lewis classic and very typical of their type of humor. If you like M & L then you will love this movie. Get it , you will not regret it.
1056 negativo  Jerry Lewis' Worst Movie I admit I gave up on this movie after about 50 minutes. But up to that point the whole "comedy" revolved around Dean Martin bullying and shouting at Jerry Lewis, for no obvious reason. I am a life-long Jerry Lewis fan, I adore many of his movies, but not this one. It is pointless tripe. I never thought I'd give up on a Jerry Lewis movie, without watching it all the way through. But after 50 minutes, I felt like shouting back at Dean Martin for his odious carry on in this film. Whoever wrote the script doesn't know the first thing about humour. What a tedious movie!!!!
1057 positivo  I love it! I love this movie!To see Jerry in a dress is always funny.Skinny and hairy!What a riot!!!He's a very handsome man,but he makes a funny looking laaaaaadddddyyyyyy!!!It's worth watching.
1058 positivo  It is hillarious!!! Jerry Lewis is very funny in all of his movies! And Jerry makes Dean Martin look as dumb as he is. If you like old movies, you should get all of the Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin movies. I may only be 12, but I watch a lot of old movies.
1059 positivo  Funny movie This movie is chock full of slapstick comedy so if you don't like that, you won't like this movie. However, it always makes me laugh. I love it!
1060 negativo  At War With the Army rating I disliked this DVD because close to the end of the movie it was all defected or scratched up and I did not get to see the end of the movie. I mean it was Jerry Lewis, so I know there were some good laughs at the end. So disappointed.
1061 negativo  Same old junky print! Was hoping that this would be an upgrade to the many versions I have bought over the years. Sadly it is not. It is taken from the same horrible print. Decent movie, but baaaaad quality. Let the buyer beware! This is the item I bought. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005YVX9/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
1062 neutral  I love the young Jerry. Jerry has such a humble approach in his character it is very easy to sink in. There is never a dull moment when he comes onto screen. I love his B&W's.
1063 positivo  Love it So hilarious great comedy!! All without the disgust of foul language or inappropriate situations that exist in most movies of today.
1064 neutral  old time magic this is a old movie that shows how they did it years ago you can get lost in it and enjoy it verry funny a must see
1065 positivo  great funny movie i always have enjoy jerry lewis and dean martin there were too funny ,i alway like to watch these two good clean comdy i would let my youn childeren watch these old classic
1066 positivo  Great item! Works extremely well and have no issues with it. Great buy and will buy from the company again in the near future. Person I bought it for says she couldn't of asked for a better gift.
1067 negativo  Dean and Jerry on a Low Budget The slow-paced "At War with the Army" (1950) was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis' first starring feature - a bargain-basement military farce that separates the team for much of its footage. Some nice moments (the "Going My Way" parody remains priceless), but not enough to justify the endless 93-minute length. One of the comedy duo's weakest efforts.
1068 neutral  Love Jerry and Dean, just not this version I was very disappointed with this....I realize it is a 1950 film, however, the sound and picture were off much if not all of the film. Additionally, it wasn't listed as a DVD-R, but is. Wish it had been a better quality production with sound and picture in sync as I really wanted it for my collection.
1069 positivo  Awakening I watched this movie on two sessions,.It was worth the money spent, and more. The scientific knowledge the Tibetan medicine is introducing here is vast.There are also Western professionals who confirm the miraculous healing properties of the plant extracts described.His Holiness Dalai Lama gives a plenty of correct and precise information, which is easy to remember and understand.This very high class document is the top of my movies. hmm, I've got four of them:D
1070 positivo  Great Video on Holistic Medicine My husband is an ND and an African Traditional Healer so I bought him this video for his birthday. He enjoyed it, for me it was a little long and mundane I thought it was more on spirituality. Yet and still, the birthday man was very happy. Anyone in the healing or medical field will enjoy the DVD. It does talk scientifically about how and why the herbs work. I learned new ideas about Tibetan Healing Techniques that are similar to African Traditional Healing. That was helpful for me because I do all the writing for his company and it gave me a new perspective.In conclusion if your interest is in the field this video is helpful.
1071 positivo  Thanks to this DVD.... This DVD is a real eye-opener as to what has been lost intransition from Eastern to Western medicine!For your health, try to find a way to watch this DVD.
1072 positivo  Tibetan Healing This is an awesome film about Tibetan healing and them manufacturing their medicines. Was great to see His Holiness the Dalai Lama being diagnosed. The film is beautifully shot and has so many interesting aspects about it, I cannot mention them all. I would recommend this to ANYONE and especially ANYONE interested in the Tibetan culture and alternate healing methods!
1073 positivo  Good showing of Tibetian medicine My fault that I did not know that this was in tibitian and had subtitles but the content is good and interesting to see in actual clinics and business in Tibet.
1074 negativo  not what I thought it should be I missed a lot of the subcaptions but I think I may have understood the meaning of the file. May like it more in english.
1075 negativo  Don't bother. Boring. What was I expecting? Something that would give me insight into my own abilities to heal self and others. This didn't do it. Especially since it wasn't in English.
1076 positivo  Provides excellent knowledge about Tibetan Medicine ITem was shipped new and arrived in excellent condition. DVD provides a beginning knowledge about the almost lost art regarding Tibetan Medicine. As indicated in the DVD, there are very few doctors that still retain this knowledge and practice. Excellent overview but it is all in subtitles and obtaining any of the medicines/herbs seems as though it would be difficult. They take a wholistic approach and specialize the medicines for the person. You would need to go to India to get a diagnosis regarding your condition. Too bad it is not closer.
1077 neutral  Think for your self! "If people let government decide what foods they eat and what medicines they take, their bodies will soon be in as sorry a state as are the souls of those who live under tyranny."- Thomas Jefferson
1078 positivo  Dense with knowledge This film is filled with informative interviews which is great. This film is also subtitled. Not so great. Definately worth an afternoon. Watch this film with intention because it is filled with teachings, visual cues and subtitles.
1079 positivo  Not your typical DVD about healing Most DVDs about healing are much more sophisticated and fast moving than this one. If you are seeking a DVD to teach you a healing technique, this is not the one. If you are familiar with Chinese healing techniques, you find many similarities here. The pace is slow--not that this is good or bad--just a fact. Here is the man who treats the Dalai Lama and monks who were treated horrifically by the Chinese, as well as those who have been told there is no cure for them. The story of one of the female monks brought tears to my eyes and to the eyes of the practitioners who was treating her. I wouldn't be alive today without Chinese medicine, so my view of this DVD is from this viewpoint of gratitude and respect for these loving practitioners. If you've been told there is no hope for you, seek a Chinese doctor with many years of practicing the art of Chinese herbs, diagnosis, and acupuncture. Dr. Guo in Chicago is incredible!
1080 neutral  Ancient medical practice of Tibetan medicine This video contains interviews with Tibetan Doctors and The Dalai Lama. I learned about Padma Basic and am know taking the supplement, as it is called in the USA.
1081 neutral  The knowledge of Healing The knowledge of Healing was a great explanations of Tibetan Herbs, treatments etc...that truly work, better then our deadly chemicals...they have been used to heal anything and everything since 5000 yrs and more; their correct diagnosis of the different pulses is very effective...treating illness with heat or cold treatments...along with prayers...how can anyone go wrong...
1082 positivo  Tibetan medicine I found this very interesting and am sure anyone interested in the natural and herbal medicine will gain some benefit from this. Very informative and gripping documentary. Will be viewing again and again to ensure understanding. Good choice I feel.
1083 negativo  THE KNOWLEDGE OF HEALING A GOOD VIDEO BUT IT DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH INFORMATION THAT I COULD USE WITH MY CLIENTS.A HELPFUL OVERVIEW OF WHAT IS POSSIBLE
1084 positivo  Watch and learn - Excellent documentary on the value and need to preserve the ancient knowledge accumulated over centuries of use and study. Everyone should watch this.
1085 positivo  Enlightening Must have movie,Must have, inspiring, enlightening, eye opening, good, heart felt enlightening, must have in your own library, movie to keep and give
1086 negativo  NOT WORTH THE MONEY This is totally different from the "classic albums" series of DVDs that have come out which I love. This is a "classic album under review" which basically has a bunch of fat old guys talking about how great AC/DC is. The clincher for me was the fact that they had an AC/DC tribute band on to play the guitar riffs from this album. A TRIBUTE BAND?!?!? I'm sure that was great fun for those guys to do, but I think the people watching would rather see the actual band playing the songs. This DVD went on WAY too long and only had little snippets of the band playing live. Way too much filler for me and not what I thought this DVD was going to be. I do not recommend it.
1087 negativo  enough already with these so called "experts" I've had enough of these damn so called "experts" on AC/DC saying the same BS over and over and over again. About the only thing I hadn't heard before was a part on how there was a war going on at the time they recorded this where they where staying, but where too busy to even notice. And it's just annoying that they are supposed to be talking about this great album but cant help but throw in a few lines of, "Brian us s*** compared to Bon" and how would Bon have done the album and Bon this, Bon that. The fact is, you can say what you want but the album is Brian, so live with it "experts"Then there is a few members of Dirty DC playing the songs... big deal... I want to see AC/DC do it, not a cover band and there guess' and opinions.About the only person interviewed on this who knows what he is talking about is the production guy on the album, or whoever he was. He was actually there and has facts to say, not just opinions, guess' and ideas of what MIGHT have been.Don't waste your time on this, these experts are idiots and don't tell you anything new. It's just so dumb that they release themselves on one DVD saying how bad Brian is and wishing Bon was still around, then they come out on this saying it's the greatest album of all time.I've had enough of these things. If it doesn't have AC/DC members talking about it (and that does not include past members) then don't bother with it. And this one does not have a single member of AC/DC to be heard. Just half a live song. They couldn't even let you watch the whole thing.What makes these people "experts"? They wrote a book on them? Asked someone who knows AC/DC? Have any of them actually met any of them and gotten a straight answer out of AC/DC? Usually AC/DC respond with jokes... for example, it's mentioned in this that Brian was asked what "Giving The Dog A Bone" was about and he replied, "it's about cats and dogs" because he loves animals... and the guy says he doesn't think so. Well, DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! Brian was joking when he said that, did Brian have to make that clearer? What the heck do you think the songs about? It doesn't take a genius to work out the obvious. Brian was taking the p*** out the person who asked that question cause it's too obvious what it's about and Brian gave a better answer by joking then just saying, "it's about sex dummy"experts, uh huh, sure. Hope they don't get paid for doing these things.
1088 negativo  Come on............. We know Back in Black was one of the best albums in history...do we really need some "experts" to tell us this ??I'm a big AC/DC fan I would not buy this....
1089 negativo  Unbeliavable.... So they release a DVD to say how good "Back in Black" is (as if we needed to be remembered of that...) and they put a photo at the front cover with SIMON WRIGHT in the line-up, instead of Phil Rudd! Wright joined the band THREE YEARS after the recording of "Back in Black".This fact alone is a very good omen of the real intentions of this product: to make easy and fast money and offering nothing new about this classic rock album. Useless.
1090 neutral  Decent and worth a watch Man, some of the reviewers here are idiots. Did they even watch the piece? Yeah it is a bunch of non-band members talking about the album, but the people are knowledgable, as well as for the one idiot who said what makes these people experts... Lets see, one of them was Tony Platt... the ENGINEER ON THE ALBUM, so I think the guy who put down all of the tracks and was in the studio knows a little something about the album. Tons of stories, archive footage, and if anything the information I have later researched is dead on
1091 positivo  sleaze as sleaze can They don't make them like that anymore. This one is really sleazy. In fact, the sex far outweighs the violence. And the many sex scenes are quite graphic, bordering on hardcore. It also is nasty, most notably in the massage parlor scene, where a sadist beats a woman with his belt.A SCREAM IN THE STREETS revolves around the fight of two cops against the criminal scum - robbers, a peeping tom and a crossdressing serial killer, who looks HORRIBLE. And his female victims are not too smart, since he approaches them as a very unconvincing "woman", and they (including a plain cloth female detective!) don't even notice!Like many cop movies of its time, A SCREAM... has an openly self-justice stance. Watch out for the final scene, which also makes good use of the split-screen technique, which was very popular in the early 70ies.As you have probably guessed by now, this is politically NOT correct and because of this much fun!Picture quality is very impressive. SWV has done a great job with the transfer. As usual SWV's DVD offers a lot of extra features. There is of course the film's trailer, which includes footage not shown in the film. All in all there is a dozen of trailers, either US exploitation fare or old French crime flicks. My personal favorite among the trailers is THE GODSON starring overbusty Uschi DIGARD (this film will be released on DVD soon). A "play all" option for the trailers would have been helpful.Also included are five shorts, of which I liked THE PROWLER best. Since I am a true crime buff this early 60ies black and white instruction film for police officers was very compelling viewing for me. Also interesting is CRIME IN THE STREET, an instructional documentary about crime prevention featuring a very young Chuck NORRIS (then karate trainer). The film is entertaining but somehow pointless, because all of the advice given is so wellknown and common sense.I did not like the other three shorts very much. HARRY NOVAK, CRIME BUSTER is a kind of documentary, where a film crew visits movie producer Harry NOVAK. After fooling around NOVAK (jokingly) suggests that they visit a business partner, who paid with a foul cheque. NOVAK brandishes a samurai sword and a rifle to enhance his arguments. Strange business customs... Another short is an extremely silly sex movie, boring beyond belief and due to horrible print quality almost unwatchable. The last short feature is a black and white burlesque striptease. Boring, and by the way: You don't get to see something.Far better is the extensive still gallery of Harry NOVAK films.Buy the DVD but better skip the three last shorts in the extra features.
1092 neutral  "Late night drive in film...long on flesh, short on story" It's your typical 70's late-night on a Saturday drive-in theater experience;shot on grainy 16 mm film, with a relatively lame "plot", it was an excuse to show lots of female flesh;THAT... it most certainly does !Lots of skin, highlighted by the beautiful, red-haired Sharon Kelly, who would achieve adult film success as Colleen Brennan. Her scene is smoking hot, and is awfully close to hardcore porn...It's fun to watch late at night, and is so typically 1970's.It's OK. 3 stars.
1093 negativo  KING OF SLEEZE OF THE 70'S If you enjoy bad scripts, bad actors poor film quality that was the early 70's, this is right up your alley.
1094 positivo  scream in the streets Takes me back to 1973 really the main reason I like the movie.
1095 neutral  Classic Thomas Episodes... This DVD is another collection of classic Thomas episodes, from when the series was shot with live-action models, not computer animation.Stories:1. A Big Day For Thomas -Thomas finally gets his chance to manage coaches all on his own -only to pull away accidentally leaving his entire train behind.2. Percy Runs Away -New friend Percy is making himself right at home on the Island, but runs away terrified when Gordon nearly crashes into him with the Express.3. Thomas Breaks The Rules -A policeman is convinced Thomas is a public safety hazard for not having cowcatchers and side plates.4. Henry's Special Coal -An ailment causes Henry to need special coal.5. The Flying Kipper -Henry is doing well with his new special coal, but a switch failure causes him to have a terrible accident.6. Trouble For Thomas -Thomas is eager to handle freight cars for the first time- and quickly learns what trouble they are when he loses control of his train.7. Toby The Tram Engine -Toby is a tram engine who is sad that his line is closing down, and he will soon be out of work. But then he meets Sir Topham Hatt, who gives him a new chance at life working on his Railway.Special Features:1. Character Gallery2. 2 Sing-Along Songs: "Toby" & "Sir Topham Hatt"3. Bonus DVD Game: "Sodor Spelling Game"
1096 positivo  Comes with Donald engine and coal tender car This does not come with a Thomas and gold Thomas as pictured, but rather with a black wooden Donald engine and matching coal tender car with the number "9" on the side. If you look closely you will see on the DVD box pictured that it says "Donald" above the pocket that holds the trains so I was expecting this and was not disappointed, however, if you want the trains in the picture you won't get them. That said, the video is a Thomas video and our 2 year old loves it, it contains 7 episodes and a running time of 39 minutes, plus 60 minutes of "bonus features" such as 2 sing-along songs, a "DVD game" called Sodor Spelling Game and a "chracter gallery". I haven't checked these out. Overall a great deal as long as you are expecting a Donald set!
1097 positivo  Shining Time Station lives on My three year old grandson is fascinated with choo-choos and he would watch this and the other Thomas titles all day long if allowed. I actually wore out an inexpensive DVD player on this title (it was continuously running in the background just a single click away).The lessons imbedded in the stories are positive (we all would like to classified as "really useful engines") and the characters are quirky and memorable. My only issues with this and the others in this collection are that the added features (such as the games) are pretty lame and the individual chapters are sometimes out of order in relation to the story arc. But I would highly recommend this for those with train-loving small children.
1098 negativo  Two thomas trains not donald I purchased this hoping to get the Donald train as the package indictated but instead recieved the two thomas trains as pictured (gold and original). I am disappointed not to have gotten Donald but it is still cheaper than buying the engines individually.
1099 positivo  Great Product, wasn't for my son though! I chose the theme Thomas the train for my son's bedroom and thought I should buy the movies too. He didn't like them very much but they are great products for those who do!
1100 positivo  Great Movie Bought this item for my son and he loves it!!! I ordered it for Christmas and was a little worried it wouldn't make it to my house in time, but to my surprise it arrived very quickly!!
1101 positivo  Lots of Fun My grandson played and replayed the video many times. He also loved the trains.
1102 positivo  dissapointment If you're getting this DVD for the trains like i was don't bother unless you're looking for 2 Thomas trains. You're not going to get Donald like the picture shows.
1103 negativo  Schmaltzy & unrealistic While I'm fully willing to give a movie a decent amount of "suspension of disbelief", there's just too much in this movie that made me raise an eyebrow at it. The film has a certain amount of charm, but it is quickly bogged down by weak storytelling & unbelievable plot points.Dim Sum Funeral surrounds a group of siblings who must return home after the death of their mother- someone that they all detested. Their mother had requested a traditional Chinese funeral, which is supposed to take place over several days. As the days pass the siblings discover that there was more to their mother than they'd previously believed & they also find their own personal affairs beginning to surface as well.The idea of the movie was good, I'll give them that. Funeral traditions from different countries have always intrigued me, so I would have thought that I'd like this more. About 20-40 minutes into the movie, I knew that this was just disappointing. From the beginning we're shown how incredibly different all of the siblings are, however it just felt like the writers tried to hard to give each person a tragic and/or unique personality. There's just too much going on from each sibling & it wasn't handled very well. You have a lesbian trying to get herself (or her girlfriend) pregnant, a philandering doctor, an older sibling dealing with the death of her child, as well as a younger sibling who is in for a startling surprise about herself. Better films have dealt with similar situations & managed to juggle all of the multiple plot lines, but in this film they dropped the ball & made for a cluttered plot line.Then there's the unrealistic parts of the film. I apologize if this comes across a little spoilerish, but I found it incredibly unrealistic that all of the siblings dealt with their issues during the 4-5 day period as well as managing to forgive their mother for any past actions. As one person put it- really? Death solves all of the emotional problems? I also found it unbelievable that with all of the emphasis on sibling rivalries, that everyone put their issues aside so quickly. Then there's the ending... I won't elaborate on what happens, but needless to say- both my mother & I audibly groaned at the twist.This is a mostly harmless movie & there are one or two interesting things, but this isn't something I'd really recommend spending money on. *Maybe* a rental, but if you can catch this on TV for free then that's what I'd recommend.
1104 neutral  Dim quality movie Seeing this on the heels of "Okuribito" (Departures) was a study in contrasts. Both involved coping with death, but the similarities ended there. While "Okuribito" was well-written, acted, and filmed with an involving story and likable characters, "Dim Sum Funeral" was a complete turn-off.A controlling first-generation Chinese-American woman died and requested that her dysfunctional, self-absorbed children give her a traditional Chinese funeral. They were so Americanized it took the help of their Jewish nanny/ mother's-assistant to fill them in on protocol. The story contained so many twists and complications in the characters' lives that it appeared to be a formulaic exercise in seeing how many problems and how much diversity could be crammed into a 1 1/2 hour film. Ordinary Asian Americans didn't bring enough to the table, so how about making one sibling an illegitimate dope-smoking surly lesbian who wanted a baby, another an over-eating single mother, another the model daughter who recently lost her son, and another a philandering, self-loathing, rich cosmetic surgeon married to a beauty queen?At least Chang Tseng's character provided some relief by being pleasantly funny in a sea of mean-spiritedness. Perhaps because his character wasn't part of the family, he did not contract their self-centered angst.Apparently the writers thought selfishness was a virtue. A Buddhist monk experienced a spiritual "epiphany" from his conversations with the rebellious lesbian couple. And what was his enlightenment? He learned that it is better to live for oneself instead of to please other people. Yes, folks, narcissism lies within the veil of Nirvana."Okuribito" showed how a film can do a lot with a little. "Dim Sum Funeral" showed that a film can do little with far too much.
1105 neutral  Dysfunctional Funeral While many families don't get along for one reason or another... Sometimes it takes a miracle to make people look at their own lives a bit closer... in this film.. mainly a comedy with some twist... you might relate to dealing with a whole family coming together for a mothers funeral.You may check out the trailer here as long as Youtube has it available[...]
1106 neutral  Not about food so much This was an enjoyable film that examined the dynamics of a varied group of family members dealing with the death of a loved one. Sadly though, I was hoping for something more along the lines of "Like Water for Chocolate" or "Chocolate" or "Eat Drink Man Woman". I wanted to see Chinese culture as experienced around the dining table. Still, all in all, I'm not sorry about this purchase.
1107 neutral  Outstanding, subtle lessons for kids. How can adults cover every lesson each child needs through life? Start with this series, "Book of Virtues." My niece and nephew are 4 & 7 and love them. They are truly terrific videos with loving, calming messages. Their parents prefer this to "Sponge-Bob", etc. & the kids always request their 'learning stories.'
1108 positivo  I love to bake with Julia! I saw an episode from this book on PBS and went to Amazon to shop for the book. I am very happy with the book and with the customer service. Thank you.
1109 positivo  Julia Child at her absolute best!!!! This is my absolute favorite cooking series on PBS. Julia Child in her own home kitchen, with some of the greatest chefs working today. Her warmth and quirky humor shines throughout, and she has a lovely rapport with many of the guests. She is genuinely enthusiastic about the baked goods, and her baker-guests are obviously thrilled to be cooking side-by-side with Julia. Truly entertaining, even if you never make any of the recipes yourself! I only wish that they would make a box-set of the entire series!!
1110 neutral  So happy to see more Julia Child on DVD Why is it so hard for them to put out Julia Child DVD sets? Just when i was about to give up, they put 8 episodes from Baking With Julia. The set is wonderful and well worth the money. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5, is the annoying menus you cant exit out of, and the fact only 8 episodes were released. Though I am happy to see a volume 2 is released as of March 1st!
1111 positivo  wonderful The DVD's are a great addition and compliment to the book. This would be wonderful for any cook from novice to expert.
1112 positivo  A National Treasure Julia Child was just the best! The entire food world, as we now know it, owe it all to her. Watching this as well as any other of her shows, particularly her first shows, are exciting, enlightening, educational! She is missed & will always be the best!!!
1113 positivo  DVD Had been looking for this for a b-day gift. So I was thrilled to find it for such a good price. Won't be giving till May so I hopeit works, it is in great shape outside package. Thanks
1114 neutral  Anything Julia... This is one of three videos that comprise the show- about 8 episodes each to total approx. 24 episodes. I don't know how many were in the original show, so I can't say what percentage of it is on tape here. Reading the back covers, I don't see Martha Stewart's wedding cake presentation, although it was in the original show and that was great just by itself. It is really interesting to watch, and her guest chefs go slow enough to be able to reproduce what they are doing. It's good to have the companion book nearby by Dorie Greenspan, as well, so it's written down for you and you can focus on technique. More recipes in the book than on this DVD.
1115 neutral  Julia Child This is different, made when she was much older. The guests do the cooking for the most part and Julia lends her charm to the process. If you love Julia, you will still enjoy seeing her here and the baked goods are to die for. Enjoy.
1116 neutral  Great to watch It's not enough just to have the recipes. The techniques that the bakers use is very important when baking, and it's a plus just to watch Julia enjoy eating the finished product.
1117 neutral  Professionally done For beginners like us, this is a wonderful video. It is visually appealing. The instruction is paced just right and clear in all respects.
1118 neutral  Not authentic The title of this video mentions Argentine Tango. Unfortunately, what is being taught on this tape is not authentic Argentine Tango. Not even close. It's ballroom tango. There is a huge difference: in music, style, steps, posture, etc... Don't be fooled by ballroom instructors trying to teach Argentine Tango. The only authentic instruction available on the market comes from authentic Argentine instructors from Buenos Aires.
1119 neutral  Exceptionally Well Done and Complete The Librero "Big Band, Swing and Nightclub Dancing" is indeed a complete course and is very easy to learn to dance from. The music CD is perfect and allows you to dance continuously. It has two selections for each of the dances covered by the VHS video. Plus, there is also a pack of cards showing the complete footwork for each dance.I and my friends are having a great time learning to dance using the Librero course. I'll buy their other courses, too.
1120 positivo  Easy and Fun We received Librero's tape and were surprised how easy and complete the instruction were. It is a pleasure to see a more mature couple teaching in a manner that is both comprehensive and easy to understand. The tape supplies the right amount of information so that the novice can easily learn the basics moves. This tape will allow you to feel confident and look good on the dance floor. We highly recommend this to (the mature) beginner, or to anyone that needs a brush-up on the standard techniques.
1121 negativo  Much ado about latin ballroom tango This version of tango is not argentine. It is ballroom latin american whatever you call it. Very misleading to call it argentine tango. But if you like ballroom dancing, maybe this video is for you.
1122 positivo  Dancing is fun when you know how. This video is great for learning the basics. The instructions are clear and paced so that you can really follow along. The music selections are not what I would choose but the lesson is whats important and they do a great job. Glad we bought it.
1123 negativo  How Not to become a good Argentine Tango dancer This video is fine for ballroom dancers, but it has nothing to do with the authentic Argentine Tango. Even ballroom dancing has now a separate category for Argentine Tango. Unfortunately, this video is not that. That's why, I rate it at 1.
1124 positivo  Excellent!!! A visually appealing, excellently put together programme for anyone interested in Latin Dance. The instruction is clear and the instructors obviously know the art form.
1125 negativo  Overpriced The price is too high for a VHS tape. Also, the title is misleadig, as Latin dancing has nothing in common with Argentine Tango. If you are NOT interested in authentic Tango Argentino, and don't mind paying the high price for ballroom instruction on tape, then this video is for you.
1126 positivo  Learning to Dance Just received this video as a 25 Anniversary gift, and we love it. I now know what I am going to do for some of my Christmas gifts.
1127 negativo  too dark to see the instructors. this video has a lot of dances for learning but each dance has only 3 steps so dont expect so much from this teaching video. if you want more than 3 steps then buy videos exclusively for a particular dance. this video will just wet your appetite but will not fill your hunger. also, the background setting of this video is very dark as if you are inside a dark night club so you cannot see the footsteps of the teachers because both of them were wearing black pants that blend with the dark background, terrible! plus the teachers teach from the side of the camera and sometimes facing the camera. this is not the ideal way to teach dance in a video. the teachers should be back to the camera so you can follow their footwork. for the money they charge for this video is not worth it.
1128 negativo  Tapes don't work for me. There are a few things I didn't like about the tape. Firstly, the price is too high. Secondly tape is inconvenient for a spoiled by technology user. It's much easier to work with DVDs and their menus. And lastly, I realized that I'd rather spend 70 dollars on 4 monthly group lessons and learn basic steps and routines of one dance then try to master all by myself while watching a tape.
1129 neutral  Old HK Police Mistresses A next story of corruption in pre-reunited Hong Kong where inmates complaining had been punished by mistresses at the police facilities under an official photo of ERII, and men knowing something of this service had been murdered too.Intelligent sex scene and some nice nightly city views.
1130 positivo  Spiderman Blu-Ray Trilogy Spider-Man - The High Definition Trilogy (Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3) [Blu-ray] WE ARE TALKING SPIDERMAN HERE AND ON BLU-RAY IT IS SIMPLY AMAZING AND ENTERTAINING. NOT TRUE MOVIE FAN AND COLLECTOR SHOULD BE MISSING THIS SET IN THEIR COLLECTION. A MUST HAVE TO OWN.
1131 positivo  Absolutely Worth It !!!!! Just as you might have seen in the theatre, BD provides better sound and vision for all the viewers, especially HD resolution does come in handy compared to the old cable TV channels. Somehow I didn't give it a 5-star it's because the box looks kind of damaged outside. The fact that I want to keep it a collection, which a rough look on the ouside doesn't adore me too much. Well...I guess that's the only flaw I could come up with. Besides that, videos quality and sound look just fine to me.
1132 positivo  Spidey! If you liked the movies, buy them on blu ray. Worth the fifty bucks, they don't disapoint! See Kirsten Dunst in all her wet glory!! And the action looks great too...
1133 positivo  A quality transfer! I've seen numerous movies on Blu-ray and this has to be one of the best authored ones out there! A must have to show off that HD TV! :-)
1134 positivo  Good even without Special Features I would have liked to have seen Special Features on Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2 & 2.1 respectively. Especially if this is really the only way to own the first two movies in the trilogy in HD. All that aside the movies transfer beautifully from Standard Def to High Def. and if you want the trilogy on Blu-Ray knowing of the lack of special features for all but Spider-Man 3, pick this up.
1135 positivo  Spectacular Service I was nervous about ordering the Spiderman Trilogy on line; afraid I would get only one or two of the three and the rest would be special effects or behind the scenes. However, I was pleasantly surprised that all three movies were there. The service was prompt and the product in excellent condition.
1136 positivo  Awesome Spider Man Triology Great for safe keeping and seeing over & over, it's something you won't get tired of if your a Spidey fan.
1137 positivo  Spiderman Triology Review First of all, I am not reviewing each movie by itself, if that was the case I would not be awarding it a 5 star rating. The reason why it gets 5 stars is for the following reasons:1. Price is a steal for 3 dvds (even if you own 1 of the movies this is still a better bargain than buying separately)2. The 1st and 2nd movies are worth buying this set (both of which can cost you around $30)3. Each dvd has a bonus dvd4. It comes with a box to hold all 3 dvdsNote: I awarded 2 stars for the 1st reason if you were wondering why I gave it 5 starsConclusion: If you are a fan of the series and do not own any of the dvds, this is the set to get. Even if you own at least 1 of the movies already, getting this set will save you from purchasing the dvds separately.
1138 positivo  GREAT SET!!! YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE OF THIS TRILOGY! YOU CAN'T BUY TWO SEPERATE MOVIES FOR THAT PRICE. WE LOVE IT! IT COMES IN ONE BOX BUT EACH INDIVIDUAL MOVIE HAS IT'S OWN CASE.IT'S REALLY A GREAT BUY!
1139 positivo  spidey Loved being able to get the series all in one package. My son was amazed to get all of them.
1140 neutral  A Bit Bare-Bones for A Hi-Def Release I won't bother to review the movies here--there's plenty of reviews for that. Instead, I'm just going to give a quick overview of what to expect from the Blu-Ray trilogy.First, SPIDER-MAN 3 is the same release as the double-disc Blu-Ray stand-alone version. It has lots of special features, commentaries, an extras disc, etc. The movie itself looks very, very good (video quality).It's SPIDER-MAN 1&2 where the set takes a hit. Again, video quality is excellent. SPIDER-MAN 2 includes the "2.1" cut (via seamless branching, meaning you can watch the theatrical or the new version off the same disc) with extra scenes, including at least one that is VERY funny.However, what you lose are ALL the extras from the SM 1&2 DVD releases. No commentaries, no deleted scenes (other than "2.1"), no "makings-of", etc. To me, this was more than disappointing. It's almost criminal. I expected many of the old items to appear in standard-def. Only one bonus blu-ray disc would have been required to hold every single non-commentary special feature, as BD's have 50GB of space compared to 9GB for a standard DVD. Why skimp here, Sony?Ultimately, this is the best way to view the movies. They look AMAZING. The extras in this set, however, are underwhelming, to say the least. You're getting everything you need for SM3, but the first two films are severely shortchanged.
1141 negativo  Just buy from amazon not an indie seller I ordered it new and it came in in an already opened case and it was fairly poor condition I had to tape it for it to stay together....enough said
1142 neutral  awesome trilogy! Sam Raimi does another trilogy (the first consisting of THE EVIL DEAD, EVIL DEAD 2 & ARMY OF DARKNESS)! It all starts when a high-school student gets bitten by a spider that was part of a lab project! He then learns a life lesson in responsibility and starts fighting crime! This box set has two versions of the second film! Spider-Man 2.1 is an extended edition that is much better than the theatrical cut! Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco and Elizabeth Banks star! Bruce Campbell and Stan Lee make cameos.Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst signed a contract for Spider-Man 4, but the studio violated the contract in favor of a remake! Seems somebody important didn't like the organic webbing!Disc One: Spider-ManDisc Two: Spider-Man 2 & Spider-Man 2.1Disc Three: Spider-Man 3Disc Four: Special Features
1143 positivo  Awesome Superb Quality Awesome Superb Quality. the format looks great on my 150 inch projector screen. We all loved this set. the blu ray disc was shipped on time and its new. I cannot watch dvd quality movies anymore after watching this in blu ray
1144 positivo  Awesome movie!!! Great bundle for a good price. Movie looks amazing on Blu-Ray!!! A must have for Spider-Man or just superhero fans!!!
1145 neutral  Spiderman on Blu the spiderman almost jump out off the screen, get the box set not one by one..
1146 positivo  Spider Man Trilogy Bought this for a gift for my grandson. Was pleased with the short length of time it took to receive the movies. It was in excellent shape with all three movies in a single Spider Man Trilogy storage sleeve. Very pleased with this purchase.
1147 negativo  Wait for the "final" boxset to be released This DVD Trilogy box contains the two-disc editions of SM 1&2 and the single-disc edition of Spidey 3. However, 1 and 3 are available separately in 3-disc sets, and I'd be surprised if 2 wasn't given the 3-disc treatment right before Christmas. So, when the 3-disc editions of all 3 movies are available in one box (think Ultimate Matrix Collection), then that will be the one to buy. This box can be skipped.
1148 positivo  Spiderman - The Trilogy and More This was a great purchase because it not only had the 3 Spiderman movies but 2 extra "Making of..." disks packed with lots of facts and interesting information. A necessity for Spiderman fans.
1149 neutral  gift bought this as a late christmas gift for my son, he has a dvd collection that he thought this had to be a part of
1150 neutral  Blue Ray I had one dvd of the first spiderman it was time to buy the rest blue ray is the way to go.
1151 positivo  Spiderman Trilogy When Spiderman came out I wondered how good the story line would be and the movie didn't disappoint. It explains from the beginning how he becomes Spiderman and learns to use his special powers. Very real. Great Graphics. good story . flying in NY City! the 2nd movie is a great continuation. Dr. Octopus great costume. and the 3rd installment where his dark side comes out THE BLACK SPIDERMAN. great movie.
1152 positivo  The best Spiderman Ever This is the series you want to have if you want the best Spiderman. I replaced all the DVD's and that improved not only the picture but the sound.
1153 positivo  Spider-man trilogy They were excellent. I am very happy to have them. Because I am a huge spider-man fan. I liked the way the covers were & the quality of the movies were excellent.
1154 positivo  Superb. I like the video quality. the story and the performances are great! The special effects are amazing. I am happy to this as part of my collection.
1155 positivo  A-Mazing Perfect addition to our Marvel Blu-Ray collection! I was having a hard time finding some of these blu-rays on their own in just the regular blu-ray cases. We like to have everything in the collection looking the same so any special packaging wasnt an option. This was perfect.
1156 positivo  Spidrman Trilogy I got this for my Honey for Christmas. I received it on time and he absolutely loves it! Great Job!
1157 positivo  Good, Not Great You'll get what you expect. The picture quality is great and everything is on point.The only reason it's not great is because the first two films don't contain any extra features ofthe movie, with the exception of Spider-Man 3.Anyhow, you'll get what you paid for.
1158 positivo  Great for Any Spidey Fan Easily one of my favorite trilogy, don't know why i didn't have it eariler. awesome gift for any spider man fan
1159 positivo  Awesome trilogy with stunning video and audio The most satisfying action blu-ray release so far this year. Awesome 5-star MPEG-4 AVC video with stunning sound. Uncompressed PCM 5.1 for SP3 with loads of extras. Beautiful packaging. A must own!
1160 negativo  Spiderman 3 was horrible. Personally I would NOT buy the trilogy because spiderman 3 was horrible, 1 & 2 where great though. 3 not so good!
1161 negativo  Why am I re-buying this again? Great picture quality, cool, and Blu-Ray is the premier format for all of its seamless feature interaction, and high storage capacity for more bonus material.... except Spider-man 1 and 2 have no special features (aside from the 2.1 stuff). Great use of space, thanks for all those perks, BR.So, I have to wonder, is it really worth the $70 to pick this up again?
1162 negativo  great but disc was scratched I got this as a Valentines Day gift for my fiance he LOVES spiderman. However the 2nd disc wasn't packaged right & was loose inside the case resulting in scratches! So of course it doesn't play right. Was a bit disappointed.
1163 positivo  Great Seller This 3 package DVD arrived in perfect condition and rather quickly. Had no problems with this seller, very pleased. Always would recommend you to buy from this seller.
1164 positivo  Excellect Value and Fast Service When I am in need of a product I spend a lot of time doing research. Not only are the costs of the product and shipping/handling charges important but also the speed, accuracy and dependability of the company/person involved. I highly recommend this source to be checked out when searching for specific products.
1165 negativo  Look Out! There Goes The Spider-Man [Movies]! Hi, Fat Boy. I am the world-famous film critic, Movie Review Kid, who is gonna tell YOU how to lose weight. First, you need to exercise daily and stop eating fatty foods. Now that I'm done with that, let's get on with the review.This week's movie is Spider-Man-The Motion Picture DVD Trilogy. This little beauty contains the three Spidey movies (Spider-Man [2002], Spider-Man 2 [2004] and Spider-Man 3 [2007]) which are conveniently packaged in this low-priced box set. The movies star Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker a.k.a. your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. Kirsten Dunst is the Girl Next Door, Mary Jane Watson, Spidey's love interest. And James Franco as Harry Osborn, Peter's best friend, until he finds out that Peter is Spider-Man who killed his father (explained in more detail below.)Spider-Man is a famous Marvel Comics superhero. With every superhero comes supervillians. A rogues gallery of Spidey's fiercest enemies appear in the trilogy. In Spider-Man, it's the Green Goblin (played by William Dafoe), who is the father of Harry Osborn, turned evil. In Spider-Man 2, it is Doctor Octopus, abbreviated Doc Ock (played by Alfred Molina), a former scientist who is controlled by his evil robot tentacles. In Spider-Man 3, it is New Goblin (James Franco) a.k.a. Harry Osborn who tries to get revenge on Peter after finding out that he killed his father. Another Spidey 3 villian is Sandman (Thomas Haden Church), a burgular who gains sand powers after falling into a particle acclerator (I have no idea what that is). The final Spidey 3 villian is Venom (Topher Grace) a photographer who is stricken with an alien symbiote and given the same powers as Spider-Man, but uses them for evil use.Now that we've patched that up, I--Are you eating chips? If you wanna lose weight, you have got to stop eating this junk. Hey, I see those pork rinds under the pillow. Give them to me! Yeesh, no wonder you're so fat. I bet your mama's that fat, too.--should start telling you about the movies themselves.Spider-Man: High school student Peter Parker's life dramatically changes after he is bitten by a radioactive spider and receives spider powers. Meanwhile, Norman Osborn turns into the Green Goblin and starts terrorizing the people of New York City. Peter starts using his powers to gain publicity and make some extra dough. So this guy who was supposed to give Peter money doesn't give him the money, see. So after that guy gets robbed, Peter lets the thief get away. Then, that thief goes and shoots Peter's Uncle. Ironic, isn't it? Then Peter learns "With great power comes great responsibility." He then becomes Spider-Man, saving people and whatnot. He faces the Goblin on several occasions and the Goblin tries to convince Spidey to join him in a life of crime but Spidey disagrees. It all ends in a climatic battle between the Spider and Goblin and the Goblin ends up dying (Spidey did not kill him; he died by his own hand). Spidey then sends the Goblin home and then Harry sees him and thinks that Spider-Man killed his father. After the funeral, he vows that Spider-Man will pay.Well, after that intense ending, Spider-Man leaves ya begging for more. Two years later, you stop begging. Why? 'Cause the second movie's in theaters. The storyline goes like this:Spider-Man 2: Peter is having a hard time balancing his normal life and his superhero life. First, he's failing school. Second, his best friend, Harry, is out to revenge on Spidey. Third, the girl he loves, Mary Jane, is getting married to John Jameson, the son of the editor of the Daily Bugle (Peter's boss). Dr. Otto Octavius, a scientist, creates these four mechanical arms, or tentacles, to handle this big ball of fire that he is unveiling to everybody. Then, everything goes haywire and there is explosions and Peter transforms into Spider-Man to try to help get things back on track. In all the ruckus, Octavius's wife dies and the scientist decides to blame Spidey for the incident. Then the four mechanical arms mend into his body and he becomes Doctor Octopus. Spidey later temporarily loses his powers and Doc Ock (hearing that Peter is close to Spidey) commands Peter to tell Spidey to meet him at some place or else he'll kill Mary Jane. That scene also has a cool scene where a car comes crashing through the window, that's so cool. Peter gets his power back and the Spider and the Octopus face off in an epic battle. Also, Mary Jane and Harry end up finding out that Peter is Spider-Man. Suprising, huh? I can't tell you how they found out, that would ruin the supriseness.It all ends in this movie. Check it out.Spider-Man 3: Spidey/Peter's life is going great. He has finally got the girl (Mary Jane) and can balance his life. But his friend (Harry) now hates him 'cause he thought that Spider-Man killed his father and then he found out that Spider-Man is his buddy, Peter. Harry then dons the same suit his deranged father had and becomes the New Goblin. He faces off against Peter but gets sent to the hospital afterward. When he is released from the hospital, he cannot remember that Spider-Man killed his dad or that Peter was Spider-Man, which is good news for Peter. But Peter's luck changes when he finds out that the man who killed his uncle (the thief from the first movie) was actually NOT the guy who killed his uncle and that the actual guy who killed his uncle is Flint Marko, a thief who is still at large. This angers Peter because he finds out that when he killed his uncle's shooter, he actually killed an innocient man and that his uncle's real killer is still out there. Now, Flint Marko actually falls into that particle accelerator and becomes half-man, half-sand, or Sandman. So, when Sandman robs a bank and Spider-Man tries to stop him, Spider-Man gets a mouthful of sand. Also, another problem Peter faced was Eddie Brock, a photographer who is out to get Peter's job. Also, an alien symbiote from outer space attaches to Spider-Man turning his suit black, and making him evil, adding to his rage. Now he is equally-matched to Sandman, defeating him once and for all, or so Peter thinks. And also Mary Jane, gets bad reviews from critics about her new Broadway and is upset about it, but Peter has to worry about other things. Then, Harry regains his memory and forces Mary Jane to tell Peter that she does not love him anymore. Then, Peter goes out with Gwen Stacy, trying to make Mary Jane jealous. He causes a mess at the club where Mary Jane sings and ends up throwing her on the floor. Realizing that the symbiote that was controlling his life caused this, he hurries to take it off. When Peter strips the black suit off, Eddie Brock (who Peter recently had fired) is standing below and inherits the black suit and becomes Venom. Venom and Sandman team up to defeat Peter, holding Mary Jane hostage. The ending is intense and you just won't believe it. But I saw the ending, and I believed it.Whew! That was long. I guess this brings my review to an end. If you afford this package, just settle for the individual DVDs then. They also have the trilogy in Blu-Ray, for those who wanna advance. Well then, good-bye from the Movie Review KId...and try to follow my weight loss tips.P.S. It is not the end of the Spider-Man film series. On May 6, 2011, Spider-Man 4 will be released. No lie.
1166 positivo  Great Set at a good price This set was great - as soon as I got it I called people over and watched Spiderman 3. It's a little hokey, yes, but it looked so good that no one even cared. The picture is spectacular, the sound is great, and the price wasn't bad at all (around $60). I'd definately recommend this to anyone interested in getting the movies. I'll never buy another regular DVD again! Upconverting is for chumps - get BluRay and never look back!
1167 negativo  did not purchase why am I being asked to review a product I didn't purchase. Need to fix the system or allow me to delete the request.
1168 positivo  Excelente paquete, salto a la alta definición sorprendente!!! Tengo este juego de peliculas en DVD, pero me animé por esta Trilogía en Blu Ray y es otra cosa, la nitidez visual y calidad de sonido son espectaculares, el servicio de Amazon muy bueno, rápido y confiable.
1169 positivo  The magic of blu ray Anyone looking to purchase this trilogy is already a fan of the SPIDERMAN movies and wants to know how they stand up in the magic of blu ray. We all know that the original SPIDERMAN was an amzing film - a rare treat of exemplary action with superb acting for a change. Tobey Maguire and cast finally brought to the comic action movie acting ability that made the film believable. With Tobey Maguire was born Peter Parker/Spdiderman. We also know that with SPIDERMAN 2 the same cast and crew came together with a film that far surpassed the hugely succesful and critically acclaimed original to be the best in the trilogy. All that was good in the first was raised many notches. SPIDERMAN 3 was still a good film but certainly not a match for 1 and 2. Very enjoyable but a little lackluster in comparison.Now for the blu ray test. All I can say is AMAZING. The source they are working from on the original is not as superb as the other two which makes the picture quality slightly grainy in its 1080p hd presentation. But this in no means is a bad thing. It is still a very vivid picture with blacks and colors strongly presented. You quickly get used to the slight grain and the film becomes the best presentation you will ever see of it. With SPIDERMAN 2 the caliber raises. All grain is gone and the picture remains crystal clear and vibrant throughout. All fight/action scenes are awesome and the entire film will leave you breathless. SPIDERMAN 3 has a picture of the great quality the same as the second film and it helps immensely to raise the quality of the film itself much higher for you will be in awe watching the richness and awe striking special effects.With all three films the English Dolby TrueHD 5.1 audio is of the highest quality. Dialogue is strong and crisp with all speakers in strong, heavy use for action sequences and it seems even the smallest scenes manage to work the rear speakers which is rare. These three films are at their best here and perfectly made for the high standards of blu ray. You cannot imagine how great these films appear in blu ray till you actually see them for yourself. You will never be able to view them another way again.I do agree that the only flaw with this set is the absence of substantial special features. They do provide the 2nd disc with SPIDERMAN 3 that is all features but do not have it for SPIDERMAN 1 or 2. Having all this would have made the set perfect. So it is not perfect but it still cannot make me lower my 5 star rating for the blu ray presentation of these films is exemplary.If you are developing a blu ray library and love these films this SPIDERMAN HIGH DEF BLU RAY TRILOGY is a definite must. Highly recommended.
1170 negativo  This is a review of the blu-ray set and not the movies... ...since the movies in the trilogy deserve their own reviews and have been done to death already. The low cost (even lower by $10 since I bought it) is what motivated me to buy this blu-ray disc set. I already have the special editions of all three Spiderman movies on DVD, so I wanted to see what blu-ray would bring to the home theater table, having recently bought a PS3. True, the picture quality is awesome and the audio certainly will blow you away. However, there are hardly any special features - only the third disc has any to speak of. This is an underwhelming effort, considering the massive amount of space availalble on blu-ray discs. Compare, for example, the featurettes and even mini-movies on "I Am Legend".One thing I discovered about audio selection: if you choose PCM and your receiver is not capable of processing uncompressed signals (my Onkyo only does HDMI pass-through), all you'll get is simulated surround (e.g. Dolby ProLogic). So I ended up with 5.1 and although it may not be true HD, it's good enough for my 7.1 setup. But if you're an audiophile you would have known about this already.My summary - HD picture quality: a strong 4 stars, audio quality and options: 4 stars, special features: a dismal 1 star - hence the overall 3 star rating. I guess for the price, this set is not too bad, but considering the wealth of possibilities for the Spiderman franchise, it fell short of my expectations.
1171 negativo  Blu Ray for 1& 2 has none of the DVD extras. Spider-Man 1 & 2 Does not include any of the amazing behind the scenes content originally released on the DVDs. Why would a studio release two extraordinary FX films of this magnitude and incredible production values on a format that can hold so much information, and fail to include the extras? If you're a fan of behind the scenes content, hold onto your DVDs.Movie - A+. Blu-Ray value for Spider-Man 1&2 - FAIL.
1172 positivo  For the price, a great set! Not a perfect set, but enough to make it a "Must Have" Blu-Ray This review is for the Spider-Man: Ultimate High Definition trilogy Box Set.It contains the following films: "Spider-Man" (2002), "Spider-Man 2" (2004), "Spider-Man 2.1" (an extended cut of Spider-Man 2 featuring some new sequences, and some entirely different alternate scenes) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).As for the films, I'd rate them as such:"Spider-Man" ... 8 out of 10"Spider-Man 2/2.1" ... 10 out of 10"Spider-Man 3" ... 7 out of 10 (I didn't hate it, it had a charm and a lot of good factors, despite it's obvious large faults.)The Blu-Ray image is pretty incredible. I already owned all three on DVD, but I wanted to upgrade, as these films deserve the High-Def treatment. All three look significantly better, compared to their standard-def DVD counterparts. The first "Spider-Man" is the least dramatic upgrade, but the image is still clearer, sharper and more detailed... I was able to see a lot of things I missed on DVD (I didn't realize how much of the image was lost on DVD from compression and whatnot, because every shot I was seeing things I hadn't seen since the movie theater in 2002)- so even though it wasn't the greatest Blu-Ray picture quality, it was still definitely worth the upgrade.The second and third films are where the High-Def image pays off, though! I had just watched the second and third films days before this set arrived on DVD, and it is like night and day. "Spider-Man 2" was astounding in terms of how much more I could see in the image. You felt like you could reach into the movie. Textures looked real (DVD won't give you that), colors were brighter, small things (sparks, bits of glass, sweat, water) had astonishingly more detail. It was a huge upgrade. And "Spider-Man 3" was just as incredible- what really got me is that you could literally see things that are invisible on the DVD (Ex. You can see every single speck of sand during the Sandman scenes, and when we see the news broadcast towards the end of the film, I couldn't see the "horizontal TV lines" on DVD at all, whereas here, they're clearly visible.).I can't comment much for sound, as I just play my sound through the TV speakers, but judging from that, everything is mixed well.The special features are where this review almost slips- the only special features are those from "Spider-Man 3", which felt a bit odd. They are cool features, but it seemed like a missed opprotunity.But all in all, the price (which has come down a lot) makes it worth it. You can find really good quality used or even new copies in the $25-$35 range, so I can't complain much about the features- the price is right, the quality is amazing, and what features there are, are very solid.I'd highly recommend this set! Great films.
1173 positivo  One of the Greatest Comic Book and Blu-ray Trilogies Available Following the cult classic status of Blade and the surprising box office success of X-Men, Marvel decided to lend out the rights of another one of their most cherished characters. Based on the success of the cartoons, this was sure to pull in a very specific demographic, but I doubt they expected it to be as popular as it became. It surpassed the success of X-Men, and ushered in a decade that would have many more comic book, cartoon, and toy movies set records. For too many years, these types of properties did not get the respect they deserved as real dramatic and action movies, and not just dumb superhero fun. Spider-Man finally got that due respect. The weekend it came out, my focus was on Star Wars Episode II, but after I saw Spider-Man I was blown away. Like many others of my generation, my fandome really started with the first Spidey film, and then blossomed into collecting stacks upon stacks of comics. The visual effects were not the standard for the time, especially with the aforementioned Star Wars film coming out, but they were still pretty damn good. The music was fantastic, thanks to Danny Elfman (the man behind The Simpsons music, and so many other great film scores). Director Sam Raimi created a truly stylistic and visual masterpiece. Honestly, I'm not a fan of the Evil Dead series. I doubted a director best known for horror movies would do the material justice, but he did not disappoint.Neither did the cast. All of the actors were fairly new to me. I had no idea who most of them were, except Kirsten Dunst I knew from Small Soldiers (I was a child). But I always applaud and appreciate big blockbusters that turn lesser names into household names. Tobey maguire and Dunst had a chemistry that really dold the complex relationship of the two iconic characters they were portraying. To this day, my favorite character, besides Spider-Man, is definitely JK Simmons as J. Jonah Jameson. If ever there were an actor born to play a specific supporting role, it was him. Willem Dafoe was great as Norman Osborn. As the serum changed him from a desperate businessman to a conflicted monster, the not so subtle nuances of Dafoe's performance really began to shine through. If only Green Goblin's costume had less of a silly looking design, then his character would be one of the premier villains in Marvel film history. As it stands, Goblin's costume only hurts the film by making it seem more campy than it really is. It serves as a constant reminder that you're watching a cartoon with real people acting it out. Nevertheless, Spider-Man should definitely be creditted as the film that sparked the hype and interest that comic book adaptations get today. If it were not for Spider-Man (as well as Blade and X-Men), I doubt that movies like Watchmen, Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Fantastic 4, Ghost Rider, Punisher, Dare Devil, or any of the other countless comic book and superhero flicks would have been taken seriously enough to be converted from script into film.And the Blu-ray presentation of this old favorite of mine was night and day upon my discovery of the disc. I had seen the DVDs countless times, but it wasn't until my eyes were laid upon the BD that I appreciated every inch of every frame as they were shot. Detail is remarkable. Color is rich. It truly is like watching the movie for the very first time.Spider-Man 2 is what fans dream about when the sequal to a movie as fantastic as Spider-Man is announced. Topping a film as great as that one is a definite challenge, but it seems to happen more and more each passing year. Sequals like this one, X2: X-Men United, T2: Judgement Day, The Dark Knight, and others all have one thing in common. Beyond just being a "sequal", they managed to outdo their predecessors in almost every way. Spider-Man 2 is not only a great sequal, it is one of the best comic book movies ever made. It doesn't go for the mature adult feel that The Dark Knight has. On the contrary, Spider-Man 2 maintains that corny camp and tongue-in-cheek humor that made the first one so good. Sure some of the dialogue is cheesy at times, and the action is never tries to be realistic, but isn't that why we go to these movies? To be virtually thrilled to the point of exhaustion? Okay, maybe that's taking it a bit far, but my point remains that these films don't need to strive for realism. Their fantasy elements and use of childlike imagination and wonder are what make them so great.Its about a man with spider-like abilities fighting a man with mechanical tentacles attached to his back. The only thing I felt was lacking in TDK, is very abundant in Spidey 2. There is great humor, and the movie has the overall feel of an actual comic book. I also got a sense of the director and writers respect for their source material, but not being afraid to have fun with it. The ending of this film gave me chills the first few times I saw it. It wasn't until Spider-Man 3 actually came out, that the end of Spidey 2 lost some of its magic. Spider-Man 2 is in a solid second place on the list of my favorite comic book movies of all time. Right above films like The Avengers, Sin City, Iron Man, etc. There is really only one thing I didn't like about the movie. There were too many close-ups of random women screaming. It was okay once or twice, but not four or five times. That's minor though. This movie was a fine achievement. As for the Blu-ray transfer. Is it as great as the first one's? An emphatic yes! Even better, in fact. The adundance of detail and clarity are remarkable. This disc is a reference disc to show how amazing catalogue blockbusters can look.As far as Spider-Man 3 goes, I want start off by saying that I like this movie. Probally more than you do. With that said, I'll also add that it does serve its purpose, which is to prove that any Spider-Man movie will have great special effects, fine character development, okay acting, and make a shitload of money. Spider-Man 3 is a good film in its own right, but only a decent one when put in the tall dark shadow of its amazing, and incredibly revolutionary predecessors. It does not add much of value to the franchise, aside from introducing some of the most popular characters in Spidey's publication history. That said, those characters aren't given the attention and respect they deserve. They feel more like late additions that were shoehorned in. Overall the movie was not terrible though. It was definitely better than both of the Fantastic 4 movies, Ghost Rider, Elektra, and Daredevil, as well as some other less than savory comic book adaptations. The only thing that really held this movie down were the, not one, but two unnecessary dance scenes, and underdeveloped characters. The worst of the two dance scenes was Peter walking down the street like he was in a music video. The second dance scene reminded me of the jazz flute scene in Anchorman. That should never be. Those scenes made me feel like Sam Raimi was too comfortable with the fact that the movie would make alot of money, and there was no major competition in the superhero/comic book movie department, besides a few hits and a couple of upcoming challengers.That may have been passable in the summer of 2007, but now we have The Avengers saga and The Dark Knight trilogy that have set the bar so high that movies like them should be treated with the utmost respect and care. The addition of Gwen Stacy seemed rather pointless to me, unless they planned on ellaborating on the love triangle between her, Peter, and Mary Jane from the comics in later installments that never came to fruition. The running time was noticably longer than the previous two films, and it felt like a bloated Thanksgiving turkey. There's no reason the two dance scenes should have made the final cut. Some editors and directors don't understand what truly qualifies as a "Deleted Scene". Aside from the dance scenes, perhaps the biggest issue I have with this film is the treatment of my all-time favorite Spidey villain, Venom. Venom was so obviously a late addition to the script that it made me mad. And in addition to that, he was not the towering, manacing presence that we know him as. I must admit though, I loved the wonderful, yet very predictable team-ups of Spider-Man and the New Goblin versus Sandman and Venom. That really brought something to the movie when it was in desperate need of a kick-start. Spidey 3 was not the disaster it has so often been called by geeks and armchair critics alike, but it wasn't an achievement either.Now for the Blu-ray treatment of this rather mid-level, if slightly above average comic book film. Simply put, it's reference quality. The audio and video transfers are pretty much flawless. The extras are incredibly thorough and comprehensive as well. This trilogy is one of the best looking and sounding sets on the market. The only flaw with the set, aside from the decrease in quality entering the third installment, is the lack of extras on the first two discs. Overall though, this set is Highly Recommended, but the re-releases of the first two films are better than the first two discs in this set.
1174 positivo  BEST series... Three consistently good films! Thought IRONAMAN would rival it BUT the 2nd film wasn't as great as the first. The 2nd SPIDER-MAN surpassed the first and is called the greatest comic film ever! Too bad MARVEL lost this cast...it was a good one! Love having my friend Alex Ross' painting over the opening titles of the 2nd film!
1175 positivo  The Web-slinger Comes to Blu-ray First, a review of the movies. The first Spider-Man movie, while occasionally deviating from the original storyline, was a great movie. It was mostly true to Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's original tale of the web-slinger. It pulled on the Norman Osborn/Green Goblin storylines and was really enjoyable.The second movie was more goodness and was also really well done. This time we are introduced to Doctor Octopus and we see the beginnings of Harry Osborn going crazy (to later become the second Green Goblin).The third movie was pretty bad, and I am a huge Spider-Man fan. While I really wanted to see Venom as the villain for the third movie, his whole story arc didn't mesh well with the Sandman/Green Goblin arc. And it also didn't help that Topher Grace played the part of Eddie Brock. All I could see is the kid from That 70's Show (not to say anything bad about Topher or the show, I liked them both). But since when was Eddie Brock a puny kid with a grudge? And what's with the symbiote lifting to show his face all the time? This movie had so much potential, but failed to be up to the quality of its predecessors.As for the blu-ray trilogy, it looks amazing! The quality and clarity of the picture is truly great. The only negative I have against the trilogy is the lack of special features for the first movie. With the amount of space on a blu-ray disc, I'm surprised to see so little.
1176 positivo  This is a review for the trilogy box set Is Spider-Man 3 as good as Spider-Man 2? No. Not really.But that doesn't mean this box set isn't a great deal. 2-Disc Special Editions for the first two films, and the 1-Disc Widescreen for the 3rd (slightly disappointing, but let's face it: so is the third movie). The trilogy as a whole is awesome, and the price can't be beat.Don't get a bunch of extra expensive editions of Spider-Man 3. There's no deleted scenes, so there's no hope of seeing what Venom bits were not included. If you're like me, and waited until now to buy these films, ow is the chance.
1177 positivo  The Tobey Maguire versions of Spider-man are the best and are produced, and written to A-List standards! The Tobey Maguire versions of Spider-man are well done. Spider-man 1, 2 and 3 are all absolutely superb. The story line, cinematography, CGI effects, and acting are all stunning and well done. This is A-List level movie production at its finest. Money well spent. These versions of Spider-man are much better than the “Amazing Spider-man 2012”, this latest version is a mess and is absolutely horrible…that’s why I bought the Tobey Maguire-versions, so I could see a real Spider-man movie done right!
1178 neutral  spiderman trilogy I have seen the first two movies in the theatre but have not seen the 3rd one yet. I will have to wait until Christmas for that as I bought the set of movies for a Christmas present for a family member.
1179 neutral  Spider-Man High-Definition Trilogy blu-ray is coming to your 1080p TV October 30, 2007 The 'Spider-Man High Definition Trilogy' will include Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 3. Spider-Man 1 and 2 will be single disc releases, with the Spider-Man 2 featuring both versions (original Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 2.1 version) of the film via seamless branching. Spider-Man 3 will be released on a 2 disc blu-ray Special Edition with a ton of bonus stuff listed below.Spider-Man 3 Two-Disc Special Edition DVD, Two-Disc Blu-ray High-DefDisc One Special Features:* Digitally Mastered Audio and Video* Audio: English Dolby True HD 5.1, English PCM 5.1 (Uncompressed), French, Spanish, Portuguese, Thai 5.1 (Dolby Digital)* Subtitles: English, English SDH, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Korean, Thai, Chinese Mandarin, Chinese Cantonese* Bloopers* Photo Galleries* Snow Patrol Music Video* Audio Commentary with Director Sam Raimi and Cast Members Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Thomas Haden Church, Topher Grace, and Bryce Dallas Howard* Audio Commentary with Producers Laura Ziskin, Avi Arad and Grant Curtis, Editor Bob Murawski and Special Effects Supervisor Scott Stokdyk* Closed Captioned* Bonus PreviewsDisc Two Special Features:* Digitally Mastered Audio and Video* Audio: English, Spanish 5.1 (Dolby Digital). English, Spanish (Dolby Surround)* Subtitles: English, Spanish* Featurette: Grains of Sand - Building Sandman* Featurette: Re-Imagining the Goblin* Featurette: Covered in Black - Creating Venom* Featurette: Hanging On...Gwen Stacy and the Collapsing Floor* Featurette: Fighting, Flying & Driving - The Stunts* Featurette: Tangled Web: The Love Triangles of Spider-Man 3* Featurette: Wall Of Water* Featurette: On Location Cleveland - The Chase on Euclid Avenue* Featurette: On Location New York -From Rooftops to Backstreets* Featurette: The Science of Sound* Featurette: Inside The Editing Room* Theatrical TV Spots From Around the World* Closed Captioned
1180 neutral  Movie: 3~4.5/5 Picture Quality: 3.5~4.75/5 Sound Quality: 4~4.75/5 Extras: 0~4/5 Version: U.S.ASpider-Man / Region FreeMPEG-4 AVC BD-50Running time: 2:01:11Movie size: 30,791,897,088 bytesDisc size: 32,496,402,276 bytesAverage Video Bit Rate: 26.09 MbpsDolby TrueHD 5.1 24-bit (upconverted from a 16-bit master)Spider-Man 2 (seamless branching)MPEG-4 AVC BD-50Running time: 2:07:25Movie size: 36,883,243,008 bytesDisc size: 49,011,222,186 bytesAverage Video Bit Rate: 24.14 MbpsDolby TrueHD 5.1 24-bitSpider-Man 2.1 (seamless)MPEG-4 AVC BD-50Running time: 2:15:46Movie size: 39,171,311,616 bytesDisc size: 49,011,222,186 bytesAverage Video Bit Rate: 24.06 MbpsDolby TrueHD 5.1 24-bitSpider-Man 3 / Region AMPEG-4 AVC BD-50Running time: 2:19:10Movie size: 43,368,265,728 bytesDisc size: 48,052,312,355 bytesAverage Video Bit Rate: 26.06 MbpsDolby TrueHD 5.1 24-bitLPCM 5.1 4608Kbps 16-bit
1181 negativo  No spanish audio nor subtitles for 2 & 3 Good fun movies and nice compilation but... Spiderman 2 and 3 do not offer any audio or subtitles in spanish. If like myself you need them, then don't buy this version. Look for each one individually for a version that has at least subtitles.
1182 negativo  Superman lite "Spider-Man" was arguably the first modern super-hero comic book. It demonstrated how a fundamentally idiotic idea (attaining super powers from the bite of a radioactive spider has been mercilessly parodied) could work, if the story resonated with the readers. Lee and Ditko had the sense to make the hero a geeky teenager who has super powers thrust on him, without the experience or wisdom to know what to do. The parallel with the transition from puberty to maturity is obvious, but it works. "Spider-Man" was probably the biggest single influence in moving comic books away from melodrama and toward drama.Sam Raimi, a director notorious for over-the-top silliness, would seem the least-likely choice for such material, but he handles it perfectly. The focus is firmly on Peter's relationships with his family and Mary-Jane, even in the third film (which has too many villains, and too many plot lines to tie up). It's underplayed, with Maguire's performance convincingly shy without being sappy. He might be a geek, but he's no dork. Rosemary Harris is especially fine as everyone's idea of the perfect nuturing aunt. Her performance is much better than it has to be.The only unbelievable character is J Jonah Jameson, but then, he was over-the-top in the comics, too; no Perry White, he. J K Simmons (perhaps best-known as the bisexual Nazi murderer-rapist in HBO's "Oz") shows he's just as good at comedy, nailing the character. (No jokes, please.)If the Spider-Man films have a problem, it's that there's a limited number of feats a super hero can perform, and only so many emotional conflicts a human being can experience. Not surprisingly, their situations and story arcs are uncomfortably like those in the first three Superman films: Peter swings up to catch Mary Jane as she falls (he later repeats the act with his aunt). He abandons his super-identify because it interferes with what he most wants out of life. People "on the street" aid him when he's in trouble. He even loses and regains his super powers. And in the third film, Gwen Stacy's inevitable fall from a building is so close to Lois Lane's helicopter fall (with the mic cable replaced by a telephone cord) that it verges on plagiarism. Not to mention that, as in S3, a drastic change in the hero's personality is a central plot element. Whether or not this is conscious copying, it does give an uncomfortable sense of déjà vu, which is why I've awarded these well-done and entertaining films only four stars.I can't resist pointing out that, as with most super-hero films, there is an utter disregard for the laws of physics. Worse, the animators don't understand one of the most-basic: F = ma. Objects and people move almost instantly from rest to motion (or back), which is not only unrealisitc, but impossible. (Disney had a good grasp of this 70 years ago. Digital animators don't seem to have caught it. Note, for example, how Shrek moves as if his body is massless.) S-M3 also overlooks e = mv^2/2 -- there's no way a swinging crane could crack a building's girders.The Blu-ray transfers are of the high quality one expects. (They /ought/ to be -- Sony owns Columbia.) The second film includes the extended "2.1" version. I don't believe there's any supplemental material that hasn't already appeared on the DVDs.
1183 positivo  Spider Man DVD Trilogy Spider-Man - The Motion Picture DVD Trilogy (Spider-Man / Spider-Man 2 / Spider-Man 3)Was everthing I hope the movies would be.
