967   Best x-mas movies of all time: Top 10 A must have for your collection, It has both the original and the second version of it. Highly recommend, nothing better than getting warm around the holidays and watching this one.
968   Some great memories of childhood! This is Charlie Brown at his best! It's a great favorite for a lot of people, including our family. When Charles Schultz created this television special, his group weren't certain how it would be accepted - and it was a huge hit! It transcends time and makes it an annual holiday favorite!
969   Love it My favorite of all time. Of course it is an original so the quality may not be up to today's standards.
970   Love this Classic! Love this Christmas special and always will. It's not Christmas without Charlie Brown and Snoopy! Bought as a Christmas present for someone & it will be cherished forever!
971   Another Christmas It came before Christmas and was such a joy to what again, brought back great childhood memories..Had great service..Would recomend to everyone
972   TWO WORDS, CHARLIE BROWN!!!! LOVED WATCHING THIS EVERY TIME!!! WATCHED THIS EVERY CHRISTMAS WHEN I WAS LITTLE AND EVEN NOW I ENJOY IT!! MY LITTLE 9 YEAR LOVES WATCHING THIS, TOO!!!
973   Great performance!!! Highly recommanded! I always liked to see Queenryche perform. OM-II live is a cool continuation to OM-I.OM-I was always great to watch but it's nice to see a fresh performance of it. I also have the older versions...It also comes with a few songs as a bonus.I wish it had subtitles option as well...Highly recommanded!
974   Awesome! I was ragging on this after I downloaded a copy from the net and watched it on my PC so I burned it and watched it on my LCD W/surround and loved it! In particular the OM2 set which is fresher compared to OM1. Approching 45-50 years old these guys put on a clinic for all you young bands out there to learn from.
975   Great Concert DVD This DVD more than fufilled my expectations. Great performances of some of the best tunes I know.Yes Geoff Tate was a little bit of a ham - but it worked and worked well. I don't understand what people expect. Enjoy the band, enjoy the songs, enjoy the spectacle - and relax already!
976   Mindcrime at the Moore Absolutely amazing. that's the only way to describe this DVD A must have for any Queensryche fans.
977   Great addition to a fan's collection One thing that I have learned over the years is that it is very difficult to capture the same energy, audio and visual effects of a live show on a taped performance. Although I wasn't there, I have a feeling that the flat vocals were largely due to that fact. I have been to several live shows that were mind blowing only to see the same performance on DVD and find that the singers sounded like they were in their bathroom singing. I'm a diehard fan of Queensryche and Dio so they can do no wrong. I'm sure that the experience of the show was epic but the DVD left me wishing I was there.
978   Rock Opera at Its Best! I received my Mindcrime DVD yesterday and watched it last night - what a treat! I'll watch it over and over. Unlike one of the other reviewers, I found the political messages pertinent - I think it shows that the original story is in fact timeless. War, money, corruption, exploitation, longing, remorse - it all makes for great drama! Also, in traditional opera or theatre, the musicians are in the pit and invisible to the audience. In Mindcrime, the musicians are front and center on stage - powerful! I would recommend this DVD especially to today's teens; current bands don't do concept albums or theatrical performances any more - what a shame.
979   Not what I expected Well I thought this would be a good addition to our concert dvd collection to listen to in our in home bar. While I love Queensryche, I have never seen them in concert and therefore was not aware their stage show is more like going to a play. I have gone to a lot of concerts and have not seen acting on stage. I guess some of you die hards like my husband expected it but it was distracting to me. It was hard to enjoy the beautiful, creative songs while watching such bad acting. And might I add that I felt as though ALL of the songs were lipsynched because the vocals were just too exact and sounded exactly the recorded versions. Bottom line, I would've rather played their cd's on my ipod than watch the heavy metal soap opera.
980   Mixed feelings toward this one Like many other reviewers, I was introduced to Queensrche back in '83, and have seen them five times now (including this past tour). I picked up this DVD because this show was not disappointing. However, the sound just isn't the same without Chris DeGarmo. Mike Stone's performance is not bad, but there are times where his particular style tends to clash with everyone else. Another reviewer likened Geoff Tate's acting skills to that of William Shatner, I couldn't agree more, on the other hand, William Shatner can't sing like Geoff Tate.I think for me to fully enjoy the live performances of Mindcrime I and II, I've been toying around with the idea of just watching Livecrime followed by Mindcrime at the Moore (Part II). I was blown away when I saw the original Livecrime during the Empire tour, and it still ranks as one of the highest on my list of shows I've seen (Pink Floyd, SRV, Metallica, and Judas Priest are included in that list).Another disappointing part of the tour was the absence of Ronnie James Dio. Although I know it was a bit much for him to go on a lengthy tour for a measly 3-minute segment, it would have been cool to see him perform "The Chase" live instead of the pre-recorded version. It would have been even better if they were on tour together since I've only seen Dio on video (Sacred Heart Tour).Overall, for the die-hard Queensrche fan, this is one to add to the collection. In my opinion, the original Operation Mindcrime will definitely withstand the test of time, Mindcrime II, on the other hand, like any other sequel, loses something that can only be found in the original. Mindrime II is a fair album, and seeing it performed live helps, but it's not one of Queensrche's best efforts.
981   A flat "dinner theater" performance... Sorry!! I'm a huge Queensryche fan, and ordered my copy of "Mindcrime at the Moore" before it was even available. Though packaged nicely, I was disappointed by the performance. As a review, I'd say that it is a flat "dinner theater" performance of one of the best hard rock / heavy metal records ever released...plus the second disc whose only crime is delivering a "more of the same" performance to us consumers. The passion is just not there. I'd recommend finding a DVD of the original "Operation: Livecrime"...There are still a few floating around out there...It is freakin' awesome!!
982   A Fantastic Live DVD Production !! For those of you who do not have the DVD, GET IT, particularly if you saw the live show in person during the OMC I and II tour. It is a fantastic, PROFESSIONALLY captured and edited spectacular, not to mention a high-quality audio track to match!Seriously, I have watched several "live" DVD concerts, but this production beautifully blends the live performance, terrific camera angles and imagery, and post-production editing into what can truly be called a visual and audio masterpiece. It is meticulous and detailed, capturing the exciting pulse of a live performance without compromising the cinematic story-telling that this saga requires.And let's face it, you absolutely cannot enjoy this DVD (despite all I have mentioned so far) unless Geoff Tate and the band delivered musically. Guess what? THAT'S THE BEST PART!! Tate sounds terrific! For the first half, he delivers a powerful, spot-on performance that is every bit as good as Operation LiveCrime! What chops he still has! Cripes!And the band is rock solid --- tight technically and impressive melodically. Wilton and Stone are superb, and the underpinnings of bass and drums are phenomenal, to boot.I saw the show in Baltimore and loved it. The DVD is even better! It is a worthy chronicle of a band and a story that just won't quit. I hated waiting so long for this thing, but now I am fulfilled.Go out and get it. If you rate it less than a five, you're wound way too tight, dude.
983   Thoroughly enjoyable! What a hoot! I've been a fan of these guys from the beginning, through thick and thin, and this set captures a truly remarkable performance. My only complain is that the audio quality seems to take a dump in the end of disc two. Geoff and Pamela sound way overmodulated, and the weird blurry effect that distorts the image of the two is distracting.The best parts? "Suite Sister Mary" from OMCI and "Fear City Slide" from OMCII.Awesome stuff!
984   Sensational ! I loved the original mindcrime , I loved the livecrime release , damm it I loved Rage for Order Empire , Promised Land but somewhere around the HITNF and Tribe I fell away from the 'ryche . Sure I still watched Livecrime and loved it from time to time , but the new stuff didnt do it for me. I watched with interest and a little disdain at the repeated reissues of various incarnations and packages of the Mindcrime set . Finally news came of Mindcrime 2 and I purchased it on the day of release. I was disapointed with it , terribly disapointed , I just couldnt access it like the Mindcrime 1 , I listened to it maybe 3 or 4 times no more . When the DVD wa sissued I wasnt so fast in buying it but for some reason a month or so after its release I went out and got it. What can I say I sat there with the home theatre sytem blasting it out and loved it , from the opening bars to the closing encores this is one hell of a concert , the band sound great , Geoff tates voice may not eb quite as strong as it was 20 years ago , but whose is ? He still has one of the most classical and distinctive vocals of any singer . This is a truly great performance , well filmed and produced and for any Queensryche fan it is a must have , any lover of hard rock will also love it . I cant get enough of this DVD and watch it repeatedly , finally I now get Mindcrime 2 !
985   This is a DVD not to be missed Before I start my review and analizes I want to make one thing clear is that I am not a huge Queensryche fan. I have always liked the story of Operation Mindcrime 1 & 2 and was thrilled that they performed both parts live in concert. I do respect the talents of all of the band members especially the Vocals of Geoff Tate.I attended a show on this tour and was totally blown away. In fact it was one of the greatest shows I have ever saw in my life. I was thinking all throught the show I hope that they film this for either a DVD release and/or an audio release. Now on to my review.This DVD captures the raw energy of the performance and the audience. Geoff Tate never sounded better. Sure he can no longer hit the high notes which in is case is good because in the early days all he did was wail instead of sing. Pamela Moore was excellent as well. The camera angles are both good and annoying. I felt that the camera moved to much in some places and din't move enough in others.The sound quality was mixed as well. In some areas Geoff Tate sounded great but in other parts of the DVD he sounded like he was eating the microphone. Pamela Moores vocals weren't turned up loud enough which was annoying too.The acting wasn't that good but they still pulled it of anyway. I have to remember that these arn't professional actors there rock stars. The drummer, guitar plaer and bass player were really good in there performances as well.The bonus features are amazing as well. I like how the band filmed their rehearsals for the upcoming tour. I also like how they filmed Ronnie James Dio only appearance with the band which was recorded live from Los Angeles.The bottom line is if you like the story of both operation mindcrime 1 & 2 you'll love this DVD.This DVD is also a great addition to anybody who likes concept albums as well. I will compare this to the genious of Pete Townshend's Tommy!
986   must have for your music/dvd library simply put - you HAVE TO own this DVD if you even marginally call yourself a Queensryche fan.The music is tight and they sound as good as they did 20+ years ago (well, you can tell Geoff has aged a little, but not that much)32 songs for $22! I ripped the audio from my DVD's and put it on my ipod, it is that good of a production. My only complaint is that the bass player looks bored and doesn't really get into the music.Pamela Moore is awesome in her role of Sister Mary. Even Ronnie James Dio makes an appearance!
987   Excellent Video. Stupid anti-Bush signs. This is an excellent compilation Video DVD of Operation Mindcrime I and II. The picture clarity and sound is outstanding. It felt like I was at a play. I would rate the entire DVD excellent, but I can't. Their anti-Bush/anti-Iraq gestures prevent me from doing so, but it's great entertainment. When will these groups learn that no one cares about their political opinions. If you love Queensryche's music, then this is a must-have DVD for your collection. As for the anti-Bush signs and gestures, just remember that these bands are misguided, and don't know what the heck their talking about when it comes policy. I'm pro-Bush all the way, and nothing I've seen on this DVD will ever change that! He and I believe in the same thing - lets skin these terrorist cowards alive. Kill em' all I say.
988   seen this concert i seen this concert in l.a. it was great i love operation mindcrime....omc 2 im not a huge fan of but it was great in concert. dio showed up for a song and he is on this dvd also he sounded as good as ever. the acting on stage was just so so for me...it helps tell a story that i already know well. i forgot the name of the singer who is mary but she is back for both om1 and 2 and she still sings gr8. i'll be buying this dvd when it comes out for sure.
989   Queensryche & Seattle Suck This performance is pure garbage. Unfortunately I was at this pathetic show. The audience was mostly old geezers who were there to watch a group of other geriatric has-beens. The sound was awful, their performance of West Side Story was ridiculous, and their hatred for America was sad. Halfway through the show, the singer was having serious trouble hauling his fat *ss around the stage. He sounded like an exhausted pig, gorging himself at the trough. It was bad enough that they would embarrass themselves by performing in front of people, but they actually recorded their disaster. Now they think they can sell this crap??
990   Part One...Excellent! Part two...not so much. Being on a tight budget as I am I knew I should have waited to buy this, but I couldn't resist. I have long been a mindcrime fanatic, I have listened to part one probably more times than should be allowed by law, and part two, while not quite as good is a thoroughly good front to back album.I will say the first act was an energizing preformance, it had an engaging mix of music, acting and visual arts that had me singing with every song. The Seattle Seahawks drum corps was an excellent addition and Mary's suicide made my heart skip a beat.It was hard not to watch the second act after watching the first, but unfortunantly after One Foot in Hell the energy really begins to leave the stage. The cover of the DVD stated that "the Chase" was preformed with Ronnie James Dio, but unfortunatly for that song neither Dio nore Geoff Tate are present on stage. After "the Chase", the remaining part of the preformance begins to bog down and I found myself waiting for Nikki to committ suicide so I could hear "Jet City Woman" from the encore.Overall I would give this four stars. Five for the outstanding preformance from Disk one. Disk Two gets three, losing one for promising and failing to deliver Dio in person and and another for a gradually declining preformace towards the end of disk two.
991   It was pretty good. Queensryche still sounds great. Geoff Tate especially still sounds terrific. He hasn't lost a thing over the years. As for the production, it was just OK in my opinion. The stage at my high school was bigger than the one they performed on, and the little skits they performed reminded me of a high school play. I also miss Chris DeGarmo on guitar. The guy they had was good, but anyone who has seen "Operation: Livecrime" knows that no one plays that part better than Degarmo. Still. I gave it 4 stars. A very good concert.
992   Disappointed...Tate has no class...he needs to leave the acting to someone else. First of all, I'll give my 'positives' regarding this DVD. Mike Stone is a great guitar player...way better than Kelly Grey. Stone does a very good job on the lead work that Grey simply could not do on 'Live Evolution'. Also, using Pamela Moore to do background vocals is a plus as well.However, the production (sound, lighting, camera work) is not nearly as good as 'Evolution'. Understanding that Tate and company are telling a story here, there is too much theatrics which takes away from the music, and Tate himself does not do very well vocally.As a long time fan, I always considered Queensryche to be a band with a lot of professional class...they stood out from the rest. I suppose when Degarmo left, all of that went with him. I was quite frankly shocked by the profanity, and specifically, the pervasive use of the 'F' word and the middle finger salute throughout the production. I will never understand artists and actors who feel like using such language enhances the story. I suppose that it shows their true character as individuals.Tate has always been somewhat arrogant, and it is also obviously clear where he stands on his political views. This story could have been told without him sharing his with the rest of us. The poster disgracing Bush at the beginning of the show was tacky, tasteless, disrespectful, and just plain filthy. As I stated, this behavior stunned me, and to say the least, disappointed me. Tate has no integrity and definitely lacks character.Had I known all of this beforehand, I would not have purchased it. I know my review means nothing, and will more than likely not have any affect. I just felt like I had to give my honest opinion. To the true Ryche fan who soaks up their music, this is a disappointment.
993   Stick to singing Geoff Well, lets start with general impressions. Overall this is a good DVD. The sound is great and the video is great. The band pulls off both Mindcrime discs very well live. It's true that Geoff Tates voice has had better days, but he sounds a lot better on this than he did on Live Evolution. However, his acting leaves much to be desired. I don't know why he decided to sport the Madonna microphone and act out parts of the show. He kind of reminded me of Meat Loaf in The Rocky Horror Picture Show. But like I said, overall this is a great disc for Queensryche fans. I highly recommend it.
994   The Operation Mindcrime saga is finally complete! Of all of the concert DVDs that I own, or have seen, Mindcrime At The Moore is definitely my most favorite! I've been a Queensryche fan ever since the early '90s, after the release of "Empire", & I've seen them twice in concert, even though they were the opening act. I love Mindcrime At The Moore for tons of reasons: all 34 songs in the concert, live actors play the parts of the characters, there's different set & costume changes, lots of props, Pamela Moore, who plays Sister Mary, is in OMC1 longer than on Operation LIVECrime & she's also in OMC2, there's a video screen in the back of the stage, showing scenes that highlight the storyline and the band, themselves, are front & center, on stage & play magnificently! Also, even though Chris DeGarmo's not with them, anymore, the guitarist that replaced him, Mike Stone, does a fantastic job on guitar! Plus, we answer these questions: "What happened to Mary?" & "Whatever happened to Nicky?" I also like the bonus features, especially the tour documentary. This is a terrific concert DVD set & I recommend it to all Queensryche fans or fans of heavy metal, in general, because, believe me, it is fabulous and everyone involved in it hit a grand slam!
995   Astonishing Performance Woow,, Nice guitar play, nice quality, nice theater and the best of all is Geoff Tate, his voice.. woow he sang like the old days, like the studio version of Operation Mindcrime I!! and his acting along with Pamela Moore,, they are terrific.. he is indeed an artist..For those who've left queensryche for the past years come back,,